[JAZZY INTRO MUSIC]   Hello, friends, and welcome to another video. hello friends welcome another video  Today, I'm gonna be following a cupcake soap art tutorial today im gonna following cupcake soap art tutorial  and attempting to make my own delicious-looking soap cupcakes! attempting make deliciouslooking soap cupcakes  They do look good enough to eat, look good enough eat  but you really, REALLY, should not. 
Now, as some of you may know, I am a big fan of really really 
now may know big fan  fancy soaps and schmancy bath products, whether that entails actually using them or smelling them fancy soaps schmancy bath products whether entails actually using smelling  or just circling them like a shark watching their every move- I mean, looking at them. circling like shark watching every move mean looking  I like looking at them. So much so that last year, like looking much last year  I actually tried following a YouTube soap art tutorial, to try and learn how to make my own loaf of snazzy, swirly soap. actually tried following youtube soap art tutorial try learn make loaf snazzy swirly soap  [Flashback Saf:]   [Ty from off-camera:] You've been sweating.  youve sweating  [Laughing]   [Flashback Saf:] Sweating out of my eyeballs.  sweating eyeballs  [Voiceover Saf:] With overall mediocre results, though it certainly was fun to try.  overall mediocre results though certainly fun try  [Flashback Saf:] Ooh, there's some pattern in there! That's something.  ooh theres pattern thats something  [Voiceover Saf:] And since that experiment, while conducting my normal soap-watching routine, I've encountered an entire  since experiment conducting normal soapwatching routine ive encountered entire  subcategory of sexy suds that really buttered my muffin: subcategory sexy suds really buttered muffin  Soaps that look like desserts. soaps look like desserts  Like pies, milkshakes, donuts, cookies, and of course... like pies milkshakes donuts cookies course  cupcakes. cupcakes  [Liz Lemon from "30 Rock"]: I want to go to there.  want go  Voiceover Saf: Yes, that is soap, not food. voiceover saf yes soap food  I know it looks tasty as hell, but it is NOT food. know looks tasty hell food  [Clip from "Finding Nemo"]: Fish are friends, not food.  fish friends food  [Voiceover Saf:] So, fueled by a deep desire to eat soap- I mean, get a hold of this stuff--  fueled deep desire eat soap mean get hold stuff  I mean, pretty~, I decided to try and follow a mean pretty decided try follow  cupcake soap art tutorial and attempt to make my very own batch of cupcake soap art tutorial attempt make batch  bewitching bath treats from scratch. bewitching bath treats scratch  I don't know about you, but... dont know  I'm aroused. im aroused  Now, as for what tutorial we're gonna be following: I, of course, am still a beginner, tutorial gonna following course still beginner  so I'm gonna need some step-by-step instructions, im gonna need stepbystep instructions  especially since it seems like we're dealing with some kind of soap/culinary magic here. especially since seems like dealing kind soapculinary magic  [Ty from off-camera:] This is not our first rodeo, but it is our second  first rodeo second  [Laughing]   So today we are once again gonna be turning to the "Soap Queen" herself: Anne-Marie today gonna turning soap queen annemarie  [Clip of Anne-Marie Falola]: Hi I'm Anne-Marie from brambleberry.com and soapqueen.com.  hi im annemarie brambleberrycom soapqueencom  [Voiceover Saf:] Whose tutorial for hanger swirl soap we followed in our last video.  whose tutorial hanger swirl soap followed last video  And luckily for us, Anne-Marie does have a sparkling champagne soap cupcake tutorial on her channel luckily us annemarie sparkling champagne soap cupcake tutorial channel  that seems pretty close to what we're trying to achieve. seems pretty close trying achieve  [Voiceover from Anne-Marie:] Today I'm gonna show you how to make these super sparkly soap cupcakes.  today im gonna show make super sparkly soap cupcakes  [Saf:] As well as all of the  well  ingredients and tools you will need to follow it, for sale on her website. ingredients tools need follow sale website  [Saf, talking to Ty:] She's basically like the Comcast of soap making.  shes basically like comcast soap making  [Ty, off-camera:] What do you mean she- she puts the wires in the ground and she also owns NBC?  mean puts wires ground also owns nbc  [Saf, talking to Ty:] Yes.  yes  [Ty, off-camera:] Okay, vertical integration at it's finest  okay vertical integration finest  [Saf, talking to Ty:] She's the soap queen. That's why they call her that.  shes soap queen thats call  Voiceover Saf: She's got the book, the blog, the berry, and she's getting that bag. voiceover saf shes got book blog berry shes getting bag  [Saf, talking to Ty:] Anne-Marie is a saucy minx.  annemarie saucy minx  She is and she knows it. knows  [Voiceover Saf:] So after buying all of this - no, this video is, surprisingly, not sponsored -  buying  video surprisingly sponsored   and watching her tutorial several times, we're gonna try and tackle it today. watching tutorial several times gonna try tackle today  Now, before we go any further, go  I just want to say that in case this video sparks your interest, want say case video sparks interest  and you decide you also want to follow a soap art tutorial, a quick warning: cold process soap decide also want follow soap art tutorial quick warning cold process soap  like this is made by a chemical reaction called saponification, like made chemical reaction called saponification  which occurs when you combine oils with sodium hydroxide lye. occurs combine oils sodium hydroxide lye  So all of this cute soap you see here is, at its core, made by combining an oil mixture with lye water. cute soap see core made combining oil mixture lye water  Like this is made of oils and lye, like made oils lye  That is made of oils and lye, and, yes, made oils lye yes  that is also made of oils and lye. And, fun surprise, by itself, lye can be pretty darn dangerous. also made oils lye fun surprise lye pretty darn dangerous  Like it can burn your skin, like burn skin  it can get really hot and erupt out of its container, and it can even explode if exposed to the wrong thing. get really hot erupt container even explode exposed wrong thing  So if you're gonna try something like this at home, you're gonna want to be very, VERY careful with it. youre gonna try something like home youre gonna want careful  They say to keep kids and pets away from it and definitely do not get it in your eyes or eat it. say keep kids pets away definitely get eyes eat  So on that very positive note, let's try it ! positive note lets try   [Video Saf:] Alright, so we are here in our kitchen with all of our soap making items set up, ready to try and make some cupcakes.  alright kitchen soap making items set ready try make cupcakes  So Anne-Marie's tutorial has basically like three separate sections. annemaries tutorial basically like three separate sections  Video Saf: She makes the base of her cupcake as like a traditional cold process soap thing. video saf makes base cupcake like traditional cold process soap thing  [Ty, off camera:] Loaf?  loaf  [Saf:] Block, then she makes these soap frosting separately. And then also the pink embed that goes on the top.  block makes soap frosting separately also pink embed goes top  Separately. Now, one dynamic with this tutorial is that, unlike the last tutorial we tried which was kind of like a separately one dynamic tutorial unlike last tutorial tried kind like  one-and-done, like a you-can-follow-the-entire-tutorial-from-start-to-finish-in-one-sitting oneanddone like youcanfollowtheentiretutorialfromstarttofinishinonesitting  situation, this tutorial has a little more like prep involved. situation tutorial little like prep involved  So we're gonna have to tackle this cupcake over the course of two separate soaping days and, gonna tackle cupcake course two separate soaping days  just to complicate things further, complicate things  I did also decide to change some of the colors and decorative elements of the cupcake recipe just to try and also decide change colors decorative elements cupcake recipe try  personalize them a little bit. I was thinking, you know, it would be fun to turn Anne-Marie's personalize little bit thinking know would fun turn annemaries  glittery champagne cupcakes into like a bat cupcake. glittery champagne cupcakes like bat cupcake  For kind of like a, nocturnal kind like nocturnal  cupcake-of-the-night vibe. cupcakeofthenight vibe  But we will explain everything I changed, and also what is happening on which soaping day as we go. explain everything changed also happening soaping day go  So let's just jump right into it and make some poison cupcakes. lets jump right make poison cupcakes  [Anne-Marie:] Before getting started with our soapy cupcakes,  getting started soapy cupcakes  we need to do a little bit of prep. need little bit prep  [Voiceover Saf:] So basically what Anne-Marie does on day one is that she makes the little embeds that go on top of her cupcakes  basically annemarie day one makes little embeds go top cupcakes  and she also makes her oil mixture and lye water for her frosting in advance and first up on the to-do list: also makes oil mixture lye water frosting advance first todo list  [Anne-Marie:] We have to make that pink embed.  make pink embed  [Video Saf:] So basically Ann Marie uses melt and pour soap for her embeds, which is essentially like the  basically ann marie uses melt pour soap embeds essentially like  non-dangerous, soap making stuff. nondangerous soap making stuff  [Ty, off-camera:] It's a five-minute craft soap.  fiveminute craft soap  [Saf:] Basically she takes blocks of soap that have already been through the saponification process,  basically takes blocks soap already saponification process  kinda chops them up into little bits, melts them down, kinda chops little bits melts  puts some pigments in and then pours them into her molds to make embeds. puts pigments pours molds make embeds  So that's what we're gonna do. thats gonna  [Voiceover Saf:] Starting by slicing up four ounces of melt and pour soap base.  starting slicing four ounces melt pour soap base  [Video Saf:] All right. I think I just like do this, kind of?  right think like kind  *gasps* gasps  Honestly cutting soap is the best. I don't know why it's like ruffles patterned, I think it's just for fun honestly cutting soap best dont know like ruffles patterned think fun  [Ty, off-camera:] They got ridges.  got ridges  [Saf:] Melt and pour soap. It's got ridges man  melt pour soap got ridges man  [Voiceover Saf:] And then once we have all of that chopped up,  chopped  [Video Saf:] All right. BLOOP.  right bloop  [Voiceover Saf:] We gotta blast it in the microwave.  gotta blast microwave  [Anne-Marie:] It doesn't take long to melt, so make sure you're melting on 10 to 20 second bursts.  doesnt take long melt make sure youre melting   second bursts  [Video Saf:] Sorry if our microwave's gross.  sorry microwaves gross  [Ty, off-camera:] Is it gross?  gross  [Saf:] It's a little gross  little gross  [Ty, off-camera:] Hello.  hello  [Saf:] 10 seconds. Here we go. ... Smells like tortillas over here.   seconds go  smells like tortillas  [Ty, off-camera:] It does.   [Saf:] It's making me hungry.  making hungry  [Voiceover Saf:] And once it's all liquefied,  liquefied  [Video Saf:] Ooh, it's, uh, melt-y.  ooh uh melty  [Voiceover Saf:] We're ready to add in our colorants and pour the mixture into our molds.  ready add colorants pour mixture molds  [Video Saf:] Now, um, this seemed like a sort of area in which I could have some creative freedom, add some customization to our cupcakes  um seemed like sort area could creative freedom add customization cupcakes  So I really went rogue here and got completely different embeds from Anne-Marie. really went rogue got completely different embeds annemarie  I just went ham on Etsy and I just did my own thing. went ham etsy thing  So I got a bunch of like bat molds and like star and moon molds. got bunch like bat molds like star moon molds  I also changed the color of the embeds; instead of going for pink, I went for gray and stormy blue. also changed color embeds instead going pink went gray stormy blue  [Ty, off-camera:] So basically this cupcake is gonna be like if you had a sprinkles collab  basically cupcake gonna like sprinkles collab  [Saf:] Yes  yes  [Voiceover Saf:] So we've gotta plop our micas into our melt and pour base and really just mix them in there, stir up some trouble.  weve gotta plop micas melt pour base really mix stir trouble  [Video Saf:] Oh yeah.  oh yeah  [Anne-Marie:] Now I'm noticing a few clumps,  im noticing clumps  so just do a quick spritz of rubbing alcohol and poof! Those little mica bubbles burst. quick spritz rubbing alcohol poof little mica bubbles burst  [Saf:] See, those are those bubbles that Ann-Marie was talking about. Watchaaa-  see bubbles annmarie talking watchaaa  [Ty, off-camera:] Four times. Four times
[Saf:] (overlapping) And they burst. Four times? 
Tyler: Four times.  four times four times
  burst four times 
tyler four times  [Saf:] Oh, okay. Two,  oh okay two  three, three  four. four  [Ty, off-camera:] Oof. I'm getting a contact drunk from that.  oof im getting contact drunk  [Saf:] Yeah  yeah  [Ty, off-camera:] Alright, let's keep going.  alright lets keep going  [Voiceover Saf:] And next,  next  it's time to pour. time pour  [Video Saf:] Alright, are you- are you are you ready for my jelly?  alright ready jelly  [Ty, off-camera:] Yes  yes  [Saf:] I don't think you are. Oh sh*t, I'm really nervous. Ohhhhhhh~  dont think oh sht im really nervous ohhhhhhh  [Ty, off-camera:] Oh yeah  oh yeah  [Saf:] Bat!  bat  Now for this step, step  I'm not really gonna worry about, like, sort of neatly pouring because I figure like we can always use like a little like, um, razor or im really gonna worry like sort neatly pouring figure like always use like little like um razor  exacto knife to cut off any excess in case we have some pour-over. So I'm gonna worry about filling them. exacto knife cut excess case pourover im gonna worry filling  That's the vibe. Ohh, see, that's what I'm saying - if they get a little overfilled, I'm just gonna live with it. thats vibe ohh see thats im saying  get little overfilled im gonna live  F*ck. Oh my god. Okay. Never mind. That's a lot overfilled. fck oh god okay never mind thats lot overfilled  [Ty, off-camera:] Yeah, that's a- that's a little more than usual.  yeah thats thats little usual  [Saf:] I'm trying my best  im trying best  [Ty, off-camera:] We're not gonna blame it on you. We're gonna blame it on the  gonna blame gonna blame  a-a-a-a-a-a-alcohol, right? aaaaaaalcohol right  [Saf:] (laughs) Sorry, I'm blackout right now. What, what's going on?   sorry im blackout right whats going  All right, so I have poured my melt-and-pour soap into my embed molds. I did not do a good job - right poured meltandpour soap embed molds good job   I literally just, I scarfed it. literally scarfed  [Ty, off-camera:] (laughs)    [Saf:] I'm not gonna lie, but here's to hoping they turn out okay anyway, or at least that I can fix them later.  im gonna lie heres hoping turn okay anyway least fix later  So we're gonna let these guys sit here for a while and then we'll find out in a second if they worked. gonna let guys sit well find second worked  I don't know. I... dont know  I might have to do this again. might  [Anne-Marie:] In addition to prepping the melt-and-pour ahead of time, the  addition prepping meltandpour ahead time  ingredients for the soap frosting need to be prepped ahead of time as well. ingredients soap frosting need prepped ahead time well  [Voiceover Saf:] And basically the reason we're making our oil mixture and our lye water for our frosting now,  basically reason making oil mixture lye water frosting  is so we can leave them in the fridge overnight, leave fridge overnight  because they need to be cold we combine them in order for them to like, make frosting peaks. need cold combine order like make frosting peaks  [Anne-Marie:] Measure and melt out the frosting oils.  measure melt frosting oils  [Saf:] Starting with the  starting  3.8 ounces of cocoa butter, which sort of conveniently come in like chocolate chip form?  ounces cocoa butter sort conveniently come like chocolate chip form  They call them "pastilles"? call pastilles  [Video Saf:] Oh, that's so fun. It's like dippin dots or couscous.  oh thats fun like dippin dots couscous  [Ty, off-camera:] It's got a couscous vibe to it.  got couscous vibe  [Saf:] It's got couscous vibes.  got couscous vibes  Followed by 3.8 ounces of shea butter. followed  ounces shea butter  [Video Saf:] It looks like goat cheese.  looks like goat cheese  [Ty, off-camera:] It does.   [Saf:] Or like a hunk of mozzarella.  like hunk mozzarella  [Ty, off-camera:] Oh, yeah, hunky.  oh yeah hunky  [Saf:] Oooh!  oooh  That's cheesy. It's kind of crazy. thats cheesy kind crazy  [Ty, off-camera:] It's dangerously cheesy.  dangerously cheesy  [Saf:] It's dangerously cheesy!  dangerously cheesy  And then finally, 3.8 ounces of olive oil and 7.6 ounces of coconut oil. finally  ounces olive oil  ounces coconut oil  So now that we have all of our oils measured out, oils measured  I'm going to melt all of these together in the microwave. im going melt together microwave  [Video Saf:] Say farewell to my little friend.  say farewell little friend  Then give it a quick little mix. give quick little mix  Oh yahh, now that's what I'm talking about oh yahh thats im talking  That is smoooooth! smoooooth  And then stick it in the fridge for cold use tomorrow. stick fridge cold use tomorrow  And then we're gonna move on to the lye water for this step, gonna move lye water step  which means it's time to bring out the toxins. means time bring toxins  [Ty, off-camera:] Bring 'em out, bring 'em out.  bring em bring em  [Anne-Marie:] First, suit up for safety. Gloves, long-sleeves, long pants.  first suit safety gloves longsleeves long pants  Kids, pets gone in the other room and, of course, the always protective goggles. kids pets gone room course always protective goggles  [Saf:] All right. So I am going to start off by putting 6.3 ounces of distilled water into our eight cup  right going start putting  ounces distilled water eight cup  mixing bowl, and we're using such a huge bowl for such a small amount of water mixing bowl using huge bowl small amount water  because I actually have a cap for this one, so we can put it in our fridge with a cap on but... actually cap one put fridge cap  No one cares. So let's just do it. one cares lets  [Ty, off-camera:] Well, it's just to let everyone know that we're trying to be safe here.  well let everyone know trying safe  [Saf:] I'm just- I'm using a cap. I'm using protection.  im im using cap im using protection  Tyler[Ty, off-camera:] Why are you so defeated? tyler defeated  [Saf:] I don't know.  dont know  No one cares about why I'm using a big bowl. I don't know. I just thought it would be better. Leave me alone. one cares im using big bowl dont know thought would better leave alone  All right, that's good. That's 6.3 on the dot, baby right thats good thats  dot baby  I'm talking about distilled water, baby. And then next up we need 2.8 ounces of the big baddie. im talking distilled water baby next need  ounces big baddie  So I am going to take my lye out of its biohazard bag. going take lye biohazard bag  [Ty, off-camera:] Its hazmat suit?  hazmat suit  [Saf:] It's just you know, it's the universal sign for DANGER, but we're doing it anyway.  know universal sign danger anyway  And after we measure it out, we're gonna add our lye into our water. measure gonna add lye water  Now, I'm gonna be stirring my lye in slowly with a stainless steel spoon. im gonna stirring lye slowly stainless steel spoon  This will cause a chemical reaction and it's gonna get hot in "thurr". cause chemical reaction gonna get hot thurr  So, just, know that. know  But it's not gonna stay hot, because we're gonna put it in the fridge so I'm gonna cover it up gonna stay hot gonna put fridge im gonna cover  and stick it next to our oil mixture, and that is gonna wrap up day one of our soap cupcake making adventure. stick next oil mixture gonna wrap day one soap cupcake making adventure  So first up on day two is to make the proverbial stump of the cupcakes. first day two make proverbial stump cupcakes  The cake part. cake part  [Ty, off-camera:] Yeah  yeah  [Saf:] If you will.   [Ty, off-camera:] All about that base.  base  [Saf:] The butt.  butt  For which we're gonna need: pigments, fragrance, oils and lye water, gonna need pigments fragrance oils lye water  which we're gonna combine and pour into our special soap cupcake mold. gonna combine pour special soap cupcake mold  [Anne-Marie:] Start by dispersing our colorants  start dispersing colorants  [Saf:] Now Anne-Marie uses white, green and blue colorants together to make like a teal cupcake,  annemarie uses white green blue colorants together make like teal cupcake  but I was thinking since we're going for sort of a nocturnal vibe with our cupcake, thinking since going sort nocturnal vibe cupcake  why not go for something a little... darker? go something little darker  [Ty, off-camera:] Ooh!  ooh  [Saf:] So I picked up this... where is it?  picked  It's literally - oop - right in front of me. There we go. This orchid mica, which is like a deep purple pigment. literally  oop  right front go orchid mica like deep purple pigment  So I was thinking we'll just use this. thinking well use  Anne-Marie: Add one tablespoon of a light-weight oil into three different mixing containers. annemarie add one tablespoon lightweight oil three different mixing containers  Saf: Now, for the sake of the recipe, I figured we should just use the same amount of oil. saf sake recipe figured use amount oil  One, two, one two  [Ty, off-camera:] Two and three quarters.  two three quarters  [Saf:] Three. Mwahaha.  three mwahaha  And the same amount of pigment that Anne-Marie does, but it's just all gonna be orchid mica. amount pigment annemarie gonna orchid mica  And then it's time to mini-mix them together. time minimix together  [Ty, off-camera:] Oh sh*t! That looks like a fidget spinner.  oh sht looks like fidget spinner  [Saf:] It does!   [Ty, off-camera:] Alright, I think we're good to go.  alright think good go  [Saf:] Great!  great  Alright, so now that my pigments are mixed in I can retire my mini mixer for the time being and move on! alright pigments mixed retire mini mixer time move  To our fragrances, I believe. fragrances believe  [Anne-Marie:] I'm going to measure out my champagne and my white rose fragrance oil from brambleberry.com so that everything is ready to go  im going measure champagne white rose fragrance oil brambleberrycom everything ready go  [Saf:] I should put them somewhere, right? They should go somewhere.  put somewhere right go somewhere  [Ty, off-camera:] Ideally, yes.  ideally yes  [Saf:] Let's put them in here.  lets put  [Anne-Marie:] This blend is 1.5 ounces of champagne fragrance oil and one ounce of white rose fragrance oil  blend  ounces champagne fragrance oil one ounce white rose fragrance oil  [Saf:] Alright I'm gonna start off with the champagne  alright im gonna start champagne  Ohhhhhh ohhhhhh  Mmm, that smells amazing actually. mmm smells amazing actually  I'm not even that big of a fan of champagne, but it smells like our car air freshener we used to have! im even big fan champagne smells like car air freshener used  [Ty, off-camera:] Oh damn really?  oh damn really  [Saf:] It smells like sprite. That is the best thing I've smelled all day  smells like sprite best thing ive smelled day  [Ty, off-camera:] You've been smelling me all day.  youve smelling day  [Saf:] I've just been smelling Tyler all day and he smells like, uh...  ive smelling tyler day smells like uh  [Ty, off-camera:] Yeah, what do I smell like?  yeah smell like  [Saf:] You smell like a roasted ham.  smell like roasted ham  [Ty, off-camera:] (wheezes)    [Saf:] Oh, the white rose is way anticlimactic now. Yeah, it's just got kind of like a-  oh white rose way anticlimactic yeah got kind like  a soapy grandma's house smell. soapy grandmas house smell  [Anne-Marie:] Together, it's a wonderful fragrance  together wonderful fragrance  [Saf:] Alright. So those are my fragrance oils prepped,  alright fragrance oils prepped  and now we have to move on to making the oil mixture for our bases. move making oil mixture bases  Alright, so for my oils, I'm gonna start off with 2.4 ounces of sweet almond oil. alright oils im gonna start  ounces sweet almond oil  OH! oh  2.4 on the dot. On the dizzot. People don't do that anymore, do they?  dot dizzot people dont anymore  [Ty, off-camera:] No one ever did that.  one ever  [Saf:] (wheezes) Okay. Alright, I'm gonna pretend that didn't happen.   okay alright im gonna pretend didnt happen  Followed by four ounces of coconut oil, followed four ounces coconut oil  four ounces of olive oil, 4.8 ounces of palm oil and then finally four ounces olive oil  ounces palm oil finally  0.8 ounces of shea butter.  ounces shea butter  Oh, yeah, that is a crinkle-cut goat cheese slice. oh yeah crinklecut goat cheese slice  That's what I'm talking about, man. thats im talking man  And with all of those melted, melted  Oh my god! oh god  it's hot, it's hot! hot hot  ...and then mixed together, mixed together  our oil soup is ready. And it's time now to make the lye water for our base. oil soup ready time make lye water base  It's poison part 2: Bret Michaels strikes back. poison part  bret michaels strikes back  So I'm gonna suit up for safety... again. Hair is up, goggles are on and gloves are on. Cats are gone, im gonna suit safety hair goggles gloves cats gone  Singular cat- cat is gone. Just me, Tyler and some toxins. singular cat cat gone tyler toxins  Let's do this. lets  Now, unlike for our soap frosting where the oils and the lye water need to be cold when we combine them, for our unlike soap frosting oils lye water need cold combine  cupcake base we're gonna mix them when they're at about cupcake base gonna mix theyre  120 degrees Fahrenheit each. So we're gonna have to wait for our lye water to cool down.  degrees fahrenheit gonna wait lye water cool  All right. Now it's at 181 degrees Fahrenheit right  degrees fahrenheit  [Ty, off-camera:] So we got a second here.  got second  [Saf:] And also microwave our oil mixture to be warmer.  also microwave oil mixture warmer  Yeah, let's do that. yeah lets  And after a few minutes, they're both at around the right temperature minutes theyre around right temperature  so they're pretty much ready to be saponified. theyre pretty much ready saponified  (buzz)   [Anne-Marie:] Mix the lye water and the oil.  mix lye water oil  [Saf:] Alright, so now I'm gonna pour the lye water down the shaft of my stick blender, all right?  alright im gonna pour lye water shaft stick blender right  [Anne-Marie:] Now pulse your stick blender while stirring  pulse stick blender stirring  [Saf:] Oh  oh  shizz I forgot how aggressive this thing was. shizz forgot aggressive thing  [Anne-Marie:] Until you get to a nice  get nice  light trace. light trace  [Saf:] Now whilst blending  whilst blending  (buzz)   Anne-Marie mentions this thing called "trace". annemarie mentions thing called trace  Which is basically a term that refers to the thickness of your soap batter. basically term refers thickness soap batter  Like once you completely combine your oils and lye water, like completely combine oils lye water  you can stop blending pretty quickly to get a "light trace" or a soap batter that's still liquidy and pourable. stop blending pretty quickly get light trace soap batter thats still liquidy pourable  Or continue to blend to get a more viscous "medium" or "thick trace". continue blend get viscous medium thick trace  And one thing I learned the hard way last time, is if you over-blend your soap one thing learned hard way last time overblend soap  (crunchy buzzing noises)   Uh-oh. uhoh  You can't really "control-Z" it and make it a lighter trace again. cant really controlz make lighter trace  (more crunchy buzzing noises)   Oh no oh  So we're gonna be really careful this time, and try and get a super light trace to start with. gonna really careful time try get super light trace start  Do you think it's trace yet? think trace yet  Tyler: Not yet.
Saf: [overlapping] I would say- tyler yet
saf  would say  I would give it, like, a couple more bursts, would give like couple bursts  because we've been burned before. It definitely looks like it's all combined. weve burned definitely looks like combined  It might not be trace yet might trace yet  (buzzing sounds)   but let's just put in our pigments now and then if it's not trace enough, we'll just mix it more later. lets put pigments trace enough well mix later  [Ty, off-camera:] Yes.  yes  [Saf:] Right?  right  [Anne-Marie:] Light trace is a perfect time to add fragrance and colorants.  light trace perfect time add fragrance colorants  [Saf:] Alright, so now we go, pigments  alright go pigments  [Ty, off-camera:] Okay  okay  [Saf:] And once our color is fully mixed in  color fully mixed  Oo~ that's pretty, that's super pretty~ oo thats pretty thats super pretty  we have to put in half of our fragrance blend as well. put half fragrance blend well  Anne-Marie just eyeballs it so as she says, we do. annemarie eyeballs says  Maybe that's about half? maybe thats half  [Ty, off-camera:] One more little spritz.  one little spritz  [Anne-Marie:] Continue to blend until medium trace or a thin pudding  continue blend medium trace thin pudding  (buzz)   [Saf:] Oh shizz, okay, we're good.  oh shizz okay good  I think, maybe we need to eat more pudding to become better soapers. think maybe need eat pudding become better soapers  'cause like, one is a light pudding versus a medium pudding versus, like, a flan? cause like one light pudding versus medium pudding versus like flan  Like I don't know. like dont know  [Anne-Marie:] Once you're out of thin pudding trace, pour this into the mold and tap for bubbles  youre thin pudding trace pour mold tap bubbles  [Saf:] Alright, I would say that this is good to pour. What do you think?  alright would say good pour think  [Ty, off-camera:] I think so.  think  [Saf:] Great. Let's do it.  great lets  Alright, so I have my cupcake mold. alright cupcake mold  I say let's boogie. say lets boogie  [Ty, off-camera:] Boogie central!  boogie central  [Saf:] I have to remember this isn't like actual baking where you're not supposed to fill it to the top- shizz.  remember isnt like actual baking youre supposed fill top shizz  [Ty, off-camera:] Everything okay?  everything okay  [Saf:] Yeah, of course. I just don't know how to get the last bit out.  yeah course dont know get last bit  [Ty, off-camera:] Give it a little spank?  give little spank  (clink, clink, clink, clink-clink)   [Saf:] Smack that! as Akon says, nay demands.  smack akon says nay demands  Smack that. Alright, smack alright  so now that our mixture is in, I'm going to mixture im going  jiggle it a little bit to get rid of air bubbles and to like settle the soap into the mold jiggle little bit get rid air bubbles like settle soap mold  Alright, did we shak'd it? alright shakd  I feel like we shak'd it. feel like shakd  [Ty, off-camera:] You shook'd it.  shookd  [Saf:] And then it's time to move on to our cupcake frosting which,  time move cupcake frosting  surprisingly and intimidatingly, is the hard part. surprisingly intimidatingly hard part  [Anne-Marie:] Move your soap out of the way and it's time to work on step 2; soap frosting!  move soap way time work step  soap frosting  Okay, so for our frosting we're basically gonna be hand mixing our now solid oils, okay frosting basically gonna hand mixing solid oils  sort of like butter in a buttercream frosting, and then adding in our cold lye water and fragrance, sort like butter buttercream frosting adding cold lye water fragrance  as we continue to beat. So that we come out at the end with a smooth pipe-able frosting. continue beat come end smooth pipeable frosting  All right, ready? right ready  [Ty, off-camera:] Yeah.  yeah  (whirring sounds)
[Ty, off-camera:] (overlapping) Oh yeah! 
  oh yeah  [Saf:] "There we go!"
[Ty, off-camera:] (overlapping) Aww yeah!  go
  aww yeah  [Saf:] Woooahhhh!  woooahhhh  Wooooahhhhhhh! wooooahhhhhhh  Woahhhhh! woahhhhh  [Anne-Marie:] This is a pretty good- I see some hard chunks and I'm just gonna break them up  pretty good see hard chunks im gonna break  [Ty, off-camera:] Making some inroads in there?  making inroads  [Saf:] I actually am  actually  [Ty, off-camera:] You're gonna be doing this for like 5 to 7 minutes.  youre gonna like   minutes  [Saf:] Oh! perfect!  oh perfect  [Anne-Marie:] I want everything to be nice and smooth here.  want everything nice smooth  (intense whisking sounds paired with Saf's despair)   [Saf:] I feel like I'm trying to like ride a wild stallion.  feel like im trying like ride wild stallion  Woahhhh! Wahhhh! woahhhh wahhhh  I'm OK. I'm OK! im ok im ok  [Ty, off-camera:] Oh, you know what? You're kind of doing, like, the bucking bronco at a bar.  oh know youre kind like bucking bronco bar  [Saf:] Yeah, this is my mechanical bull.  yeah mechanical bull  [Ty, off-camera:] (laughing)    [Saf:] This is it. All right, let's let's take a look at this. I think that we might be pretty softened.  right lets lets take look think might pretty softened  We basically just need it to be soft enough so we can like fold in the lye water and then start whipping again. basically need soft enough like fold lye water start whipping  [Ty, off-camera:] Yeah.  yeah  [Saf:] I think I'm feeling that from it.  think im feeling  So... let's bring out the lye. lets bring lye  Now Anne Marie basically says "if you're feeling daredevil-ish enough, anne marie basically says youre feeling daredevilish enough  you can pour the lye water in while you're hand mixing", like, with the electric mixer. pour lye water youre hand mixing like electric mixer  But I am nervous that I'm not good at this. nervous im good  So I'm gonna fold the lye water in with a silicone spatula, as she says it is fair to do. im gonna fold lye water silicone spatula says fair  It sounds... squelchy. Doesn't it? sounds squelchy doesnt  Just minimize any lye splashing. minimize lye splashing  [Anne-Marie:] You never, ever, ever want to splash lye  never ever ever want splash lye  anywhere. anywhere  [Ty, off-camera:] It's not an iconic duo, lye and splashing.  iconic duo lye splashing  [Saf:] No   [Anne-Marie:] So it's better to be safe than sorry and just mix in very, very slowly  better safe sorry mix slowly  [Saf:] The lye water is kind of like sort of pooling at the bottom a little, but I think I'm getting it.  lye water kind like sort pooling bottom little think im getting  I will have a very buff hand by the end of this. One, one buff hand. Are you into that Tyler? buff hand end one one buff hand tyler  [Ty, off-camera:] I'm gonna have to be. (laughing)  im gonna   [Anne-Marie:] Once your lye water is fully incorporated, turn on the blender and mix for another probably five to seven minutes.  lye water fully incorporated turn blender mix another probably five seven minutes  [Saf:] Alright, so all of our lye is at least in the bowl and attempted to be folded in  alright lye least bowl attempted folded  so let's turn on our hand mixer again and just blend the crap out of this thing. lets turn hand mixer blend crap thing  [Ty, off-camera:] Alright, let's get those muscles, babe.  alright lets get muscles babe  [Saf:] Alright, let's do it  alright lets  I got it, I got it. got got  Here we go, here we go. go go  It's happening, it's happening. happening happening  [Anne-Marie:] You're really looking for your icing to be able to form and sustain peaks.  youre really looking icing able form sustain peaks  [Saf:] Anne's key word here is definitely "peaks."  annes key word definitely peaks  She wants peaks, the whole peak, and nothing but the peak. wants peaks whole peak nothing peak  [Anne-Marie:] Peaks, peaks, peaks.  peaks peaks peaks  Peaking abilities. peaking abilities  [Saf:] Ooh, it's getting fluffy!  ooh getting fluffy  [Ty, off-camera:] Fluffy?  fluffy  [Saf:] It's getting fluffy!  getting fluffy  [Ty, off-camera:] Oh, it's looking good, actually.  oh looking good actually  [Saf:] I mean, I feel like this is  mean feel like  pretty frosting-y. I think that it is sustaining peaks. pretty frostingy think sustaining peaks  So I think we could be ready to put in our fragrance oil. Shall we? think could ready put fragrance oil shall  [Ty, off-camera:] Yeah  yeah  [Anne-Marie:] Pour the rest of the fragrance oil blend into the icing. Notice this kind of decreases the peaking ability.  pour rest fragrance oil blend icing notice kind decreases peaking ability  You're gonna have to blend some more; probably another five to seven minutes youre gonna blend probably another five seven minutes  Saf: I'm trying to make sure I get it all saf im trying make sure get  Get every inch of this thing. get every inch thing  Just show it no mercy. show mercy  Anne-Marie: You want your mixture to be soft enough so that you can actually put it into the frosting bag, annemarie want mixture soft enough actually put frosting bag  but yet it needs to also be strong enough to hold whatever frosting peaks you create. yet needs also strong enough hold whatever frosting peaks create  Saf: Oh yeah! saf oh yeah  Ty, that looks like a peak! What do you think about that? ty looks like peak think  Tyler: I'm peaking so hard right now. What? tyler im peaking hard right  Saf: What? saf  Anne-Marie: This is a really kind of fine line to find. annemarie really kind fine line find  Saf: All right. I think that it can sustain peaks. saf right think sustain peaks  Tyler: I think so too! tyler think  I think it can because I feel like - take a look at this. Yeah, ignore the incredibly messy bowl. think feel like  take look yeah ignore incredibly messy bowl  Tyler: It looks like frosting! tyler looks like frosting  Saf: It looks peak-y. saf looks peaky  Tyler: I think we should go for it. tyler think go  Saf: All right, let's do it. saf right lets  So now, I am going to spoon my mixture into my frosting bag and then drag my cupcake bases into the frame going spoon mixture frosting bag drag cupcake bases frame  and we're gonna try to do this thing, man! gonna try thing man  Anne-Marie: Just gonna scoop a couple scoops into my frosting bag. annemarie gonna scoop couple scoops frosting bag  Saf: My hand is literally shaking. saf hand literally shaking  Tyler: 'Cause you're nervous? tyler cause youre nervous  Saf: No, because I've been hand-mixing for so long! saf ive handmixing long  Tyler: Oh damn. tyler oh damn  Saf: Anne-Marie must be secretly buff. saf annemarie must secretly buff  Tyler: Dude. tyler dude  Saf: Not-so-secretly, Anne-Marie's definitely buff. saf notsosecretly annemaries definitely buff  Tyler: Yeah. tyler yeah  Anne-Marie: There we go, hold firmly with one hand and then guide it to the middle of the first cupcake annemarie go hold firmly one hand guide middle first cupcake  and just put a dollop of frosting in the middle of that cupcake. put dollop frosting middle cupcake  Saf: Well, it's the moment of truth, everyone. Time to frost. saf well moment truth everyone time frost  Tyler: Mom's spaghetti, Safi. tyler moms spaghetti safi  Saf: I'm going for this one. saf im going one  Okay, that looks okay. okay looks okay  Tyler: That looks incredible! tyler looks incredible  Saf: That looks okay, right? saf looks okay right  Anne-Marie: Now move on to the next one. We're going for a dollop in the middle of each of our cupcakes. annemarie move next one going dollop middle cupcakes  Saf: Alright, here we go. We're dolloping, Tyler. saf alright go dolloping tyler  Tyler: Maybe give them, like, a little bit more. She kind of gives it, like, two jounces. tyler maybe give like little bit kind gives like two jounces  Saf: Like a bigger dollop like this? saf like bigger dollop like  Tyler: Yeah. tyler yeah  Saf: Okay. Yeah, that looks better to me. saf okay yeah looks better  Anne-Marie: Perfect. We're gonna build around these. annemarie perfect gonna build around  Saf: All right. All right. All right, are they holding their form? saf right right right holding form  Tyler: Dude, definitely. tyler dude definitely  Saf: Cool, so what I need to do now is- saf cool need  Anne-Marie: Do one annemarie one  circle around the base of that dollop. circle around base dollop  Saf: Once again, I'm going for the same one, okay? Oh sh*t. saf im going one okay oh sht  Oh sh*t, oh sh*t, oh sh*t, oh sh*t, oh sh*t, oh sh*t, oh sh*t. oh sht oh sht oh sht oh sht oh sht oh sht oh sht  Tyler: Are these good sh*ts? tyler good shts  Saf: Okay, okay. saf okay okay  Tyler: Good sh*ts or bad sh*ts? tyler good shts bad shts  Saf: Tyler, I don't know. saf tyler dont know  Anne-Marie: Move on and do all of the cupcakes. annemarie move cupcakes  Saf: Ohh f*ck f*ck f*ck f*ck f*ck f*ck f*ck. saf ohh fck fck fck fck fck fck fck  Anne-Marie: This provides an excellent base to build gorgeous soap frosting peaks. annemarie provides excellent base build gorgeous soap frosting peaks  Saf: Okay boys, stay frosty here. saf okay boys stay frosty  Anne-Marie: And now it's time to do our peaks. annemarie time peaks  Saf: Alright, so I'm gonna go... saf alright im gonna go  Tyler: For all the marbles? tyler marbles  Saf: Northwards if that makes sense. saf northwards makes sense  Tyler: Let's go north! tyler lets go north  Saf: I'm going to go towards the sky. F*ck, okay, I'm so nervous. saf im going go towards sky fck okay im nervous  Anne-Marie: Start going around annemarie start going around  your dollop of frosting. There we go. Now we're building it. dollop frosting go building  Perfect. perfect  Saf: Boop! saf boop  Tyler: Ohhhhhhhh! Dude. tyler ohhhhhhhh dude  Saf: It looks like an amateur saf looks like amateur  Yogurtland experiment. yogurtland experiment  Tyler: Okay. tyler okay  Saf: But it's not a fail. saf fail  Tyler: No, it's not, it's sustaining peaks! tyler sustaining peaks  Look at that peak right there! look peak right  Right? Look at that! That's like a cupcake that's discovering itself! right look thats like cupcake thats discovering  Saf: All right. Let's try this one too. Oh f*ck, f*ck, f*ck, f*ck. saf right lets try one oh fck fck fck fck  Tyler: A little bit of a rogue squirt? tyler little bit rogue squirt  Saf: I did start off with a rogue squirt. saf start rogue squirt  Tyler: That looks pretty solid, Safiya. tyler looks pretty solid safiya  Saf: Alright. [chuckles] saf alright   Anne-Marie: I'm almost not exhaling. I'm so worried that these are gonna fall but they're doing great! annemarie im almost exhaling im worried gonna fall theyre great  Saf: The good thing is our windows are open. So it's kind of cold in here, which is supposed to help the peaks stay saf good thing windows open kind cold supposed help peaks stay  Tyler: Yeah tyler yeah  Anne-Marie: Nice. Good height. annemarie nice good height  Tyler: It's kind of, like, uh, a nipple. tyler kind like uh nipple  Saf: Yeah. saf yeah  Tyler: Yeah. tyler yeah  It's- it's exactly like a nipple, actually exactly like nipple actually  Saf: It's literally a nipple. saf literally nipple  Anne-Marie: There. I love the height we're getting on this. This is just fantastic. annemarie love height getting fantastic  Tyler: You know, why don't you get a little aggressive with this guy, go a little higher? tyler know dont get little aggressive guy go little higher  Saf: Should I make this one taller, is that what you're trying to say?
Tyler: [overlapping] Yes. saf make one taller youre trying say
tyler  yes  Tyler: Make this guy Mr. Frosty or whatever. tyler make guy mr frosty whatever  Saf: Like that? saf like  Tyler: Yeah. tyler yeah  Saf: Okay.
[Both laugh] saf okay
  That one's really tall now. ones really tall  Tyler: Yeah, it's the f*cking lizard king. tyler yeah fcking lizard king  [loud laughter]   Saf: You're gonna regret the day you ever messed with me, I'm the f*ckin Lizard King! saf youre gonna regret day ever messed im fckin lizard king  You don't even know my real name! dont even know real name  Robert California: I will not be blackmailed by some ineffectual, privileged, effete, soft-penis'd, debutante. robert california blackmailed ineffectual privileged effete softpenisd debutante  You don't even know my real name. dont even know real name  Saf: That is what Anne-Marie is gonna say when she calls our house later. saf annemarie gonna say calls house later  Robert California: I'm the f*cking Lizard King. robert california im fcking lizard king  Saf: Alright, so it would be stupid for me to try and add more frosting to any of these, right? saf alright would stupid try add frosting right  This one looks like it could use a little bit more, one looks like could use little bit  but at the same time I feel like if I f*ck it up worse now, I'll be mad at myself. time feel like fck worse ill mad  Tyler: Okay. tyler okay  Saf: So I should just not. saf  Tyler: Put it down. tyler put  Saf: Alright, saf alright  I'm gonna put the frosting bag down. im gonna put frosting bag  Tyler: Put the bag down, lady. tyler put bag lady  Anne-Marie: Now, just the last final few touches. Time for glitter, cause everything is better with glitter! annemarie last final touches time glitter cause everything better glitter  Saf: Now, Anne-Marie uses sort of like a-a plain white glitter, but on brambleberry.com, I found some silver holo glitter. saf annemarie uses sort like aa plain white glitter brambleberrycom found silver holo glitter  Tyler: Damn, that's the good-good. tyler damn thats goodgood  Saf: And I figured we HAD to get it. saf figured get  Tyler: Hell yeah. Now it's over your sleeve. tyler hell yeah sleeve  Saf: Oh now I'm just covered in holo glitter. Didn't think about that. saf oh im covered holo glitter didnt think  Anne-Marie: And then finally gonna top with those annemarie finally gonna top  really cute pink embeds from earlier. really cute pink embeds earlier  Saf: Alright, so now we have our embeds. saf alright embeds  We popped these guys out a couple of hours ago. It's going down. I'm yelling timber! popped guys couple hours ago going im yelling timber  Just in case we needed to redo this entire step. case needed redo entire step  But thankfully, a lot of them came out pretty well, like most of the stars. thankfully lot came pretty well like stars  [gasps in amazement]
Tyler: [overlapping, unintelligible] 
tyler   Saf: Oh my god, it's cute. saf oh god cute  Some of the moons. moons  Oh wait, it-it's actually... I would even say this is hella cute. oh wait itits actually would even say hella cute  And even a couple of the bats. even couple bats  Tyler: Ohhh!
Saf: [overlapping] Oh my god he's so cute AND fun! tyler ohhh
saf  oh god hes cute fun  Came out looking pretty good or at least medium. came looking pretty good least medium  Oh, the back is messed up. But the front is okay! oh back messed front okay  and the ones that I completely scarfed with my bad pouring job ones completely scarfed bad pouring job  were at least salvageable with an exacto knife. least salvageable exacto knife  Now that's what I call surgery. thats call surgery  Tyler: They're going under the knife. tyler theyre going knife  Saf: What is this, The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills? saf real housewives beverly hills  Tyler: Yes! tyler yes  Saf: I'm not gonna apologize for that. I'm just gonna let it- let it sit. saf im gonna apologize im gonna let let sit  So we've got a fair amount to work with in terms of what can go on our cupcakes. weve got fair amount work terms go cupcakes  So what I'm gonna do is sort of treat my frosting like clouds in the sky, with my stars and moons im gonna sort treat frosting like clouds sky stars moons  peeking out from behind the clouds, and the bat sort of flying in front peeking behind clouds bat sort flying front  Tyler: [gasps] That one is pulling... it... off. tyler  one pulling  Saf: Yeah, I do like that. saf yeah like  Obviously, I have no idea what I'm doing here obviously idea im  but I'm just trying to let the muses guide my hand. im trying let muses guide hand  Also, based on the nature of the soap cupcake, once you place an embed, you can't really move it also based nature soap cupcake place embed cant really move  so I just gotta be okay with wherever they end up. gotta okay wherever end  Tyler: It's kind of like Pringles, but, you know, the fun does stop. Right? tyler kind like pringles know fun stop right  Saf: Once you pop it the fun does stop. Yes, absolutely. Alright, saf pop fun stop yes absolutely alright  so those are all of our embeds placed into our cupcakes. I'm honestly pretty pleased with them, embeds placed cupcakes im honestly pretty pleased  this is my first batch of soap cupcakes and I feel like expectations were pretty low. first batch soap cupcakes feel like expectations pretty low  Okay, so I'm gonna stick my cupcakes in the fridge for a couple of hours. okay im gonna stick cupcakes fridge couple hours  Woo-hoo-hoo. Welcome to bootytown. What that means, woohoohoo welcome bootytown means  I do not know. know  Just so the frosting really sets. I hope everything goes okay in there. frosting really sets hope everything goes okay  [both laughing]   All right. I guess we should clean up now. right guess clean  Tyler: Probably. tyler probably  Saf: Alright, so it's the next day. saf alright next day  The cupcakes have been sitting in the fridge for a couple of hours and then out of the fridge for many more hours. cupcakes sitting fridge couple hours fridge many hours  And it feels like it's time to pop them out of the mold so they can cure in the air. feels like time pop mold cure air  Tyler: Pop those bottles! tyler pop bottles  Saf: Yes, it's time to pop these bottles. It's time to clap these cakes. saf yes time pop bottles time clap cakes  What? Time to- never mind. time never mind  Tyler: Is that a butt thing? tyler butt thing  Saf: As I said it it's-- yes? I think so? Yeah. saf said yes think yeah  Alright, I'm going for this one. alright im going one  Tyler: Alright, let's do it. tyler alright lets  Anne-Marie: So the way it works; if you pull gently away from the side, you're really working to release this air lock. annemarie way works pull gently away side youre really working release air lock  Saf: So basically I have to like push it up and then grab it from the base. Oh my god saf basically like push grab base oh god  I think I just put my nail in it. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, it's out. think put nail oh oh oh oh oh  Did I put my nail in it too bad? A little bit. I can just smooth it though, right? It's soap. It's fine. put nail bad little bit smooth though right soap fine  Tyler: It's soap! tyler soap  Saf: Alright! That looks pretty nice! saf alright looks pretty nice  The frosting is very asymmetric, it's umm interpretive. frosting asymmetric umm interpretive  Modern, flowing, its like a Gaud house. modern flowing like gaud house  But besides that, it looks like a cupcake to me. besides looks like cupcake  Tyler: I mean, Saf, it looks pretty good. tyler mean saf looks pretty good  Saf: So let's get the rest of these out here and see how we did across the board. saf lets get rest see across board  Oh, oh, not bad. Not bad. Not bad. oh oh bad bad bad  That's cupcake number three "oot and aboot". thats cupcake number three oot aboot  Tyler: "Oot and aboot." tyler oot aboot  Saf: Now there are a couple of these that are a little less lumpy. saf couple little less lumpy  A little more straight up and down but in general I would say that they are little straight general would say  cute, sufficiently batty, still intact but not very uniform. cute sufficiently batty still intact uniform  In fact if I had to describe my cupcakes, fact describe cupcakes  it would be homemade with love but not much skill. would homemade love much skill  Tyler: I think you should just go the route of modern art and just go, "Everything's intentional!" tyler think go route modern art go everythings intentional  Saf: Right, exactly. saf right exactly  Tyler: It's f*cked up? Meant it. tyler fcked meant  Saf: I put my nail on the side. Meant that too. That rogue squirt right there? All part of the plan. saf put nail side meant rogue squirt right part plan  So with that in mind, I hereby present to you our finished cupcakes! mind hereby present finished cupcakes  Now, in order to actually use these guys as soap bars, order actually use guys soap bars  we have to wait about four to six weeks for them to cure or for all of the water to evaporate out of them. wait four six weeks cure water evaporate  I'm so nervous. How do I even do this? im nervous even  Tyler: I don't know. tyler dont know  Saf: Oh it feels soapy. saf oh feels soapy  But they did last all of those weeks sitting in our kitchen, last weeks sitting kitchen  despite almost being destroyed by a rogue Sriracha bottle. despite almost destroyed rogue sriracha bottle  And although we were able to get a nice lather going although able get nice lather going  - oh, there we go. Oooh yeah, okay! Look at that! -  oh go oooh yeah okay look   I will say they are kind of a strange shape to wash your hands with, say kind strange shape wash hands  because I'm not exactly sure, like, how I should grasp them. im exactly sure like grasp  And I also feel a little sad using them because I want them to stay  perfect little cupcakes, you know? also feel little sad using want stay  perfect little cupcakes know  So I feel like these will probably end up being more like decorative bath treats rather than functional ones. feel like probably end like decorative bath treats rather functional ones  But nonetheless, I feel very accomplished having made these on my own, or at least in Anne-Marie's shadow. nonetheless feel accomplished made least annemaries shadow  because it was overall pretty hard. Especially for a soap peasant like me. overall pretty hard especially soap peasant like  Thankfully now the only challenge left is to not eat them! thankfully challenge left eat  So, I'm off to get a real cupcake before things get ugly. im get real cupcake things get ugly  Thank you guys so much for watching, if you liked that video, thank guys much watching liked video  make sure to shmash that like button and if you want to see more videos like this make sure shmash like button want see videos like  make sure to shmash that subscribe button! A big shout out to Caitie for watching, make sure shmash subscribe button big shout caitie watching  thanks for watching Caitie, and I will see you guys a-next time. thanks watching caitie see guys anext time  we're gonna have to go to thesaurus calm gonna go thesaurus calm  and think of a new word for smash we're think new word smash  gonna say it like six thousand times is gonna say like six thousand times  this video the video where we change our video video change  outro hello friends and welcome to outro hello friends welcome  another video this week I'm gonna be another video week im gonna  destroying every bath bomb from lush and destroying every bath bomb lush  then reforming them into one single reforming one single  Franken bath bomb that's right franken bath bomb thats right  tonight we are going where no bad tonight going bad  science video has ever gone before the science video ever gone  bathroom so previously on our channel bathroom previously channel  I've mixed together a lot of things ive mixed together lot things  including a hell of a lot of lipstick an including hell lot lipstick  impressive amount of booty guru impressive amount booty guru  eyeshadow and also some non makeup items eyeshadow also non makeup items  like every candle from Bath & Body Works like every candle bath  body works  and every possible wedding cake flavor every possible wedding cake flavor  bad makeup science has really just gone bad makeup science really gone  off the rails at this point so I figured rails point figured  while we're off-roading it might as well offroading might well  take a bath now some of you may know of take bath may know  a chain of skincare stores called lush chain skincare stores called lush  which is famous for its handmade famous handmade  products it's colorful and wacky bath products colorful wacky bath  goods and also the signature robust goods also signature robust  smell of its stores that's strong that's smell stores thats strong thats  a wall of fragrance it's kind of like wall fragrance kind like  subway but instead of smelling like subway instead smelling like  Italian herbs and cheese you come out italian herbs cheese come  smelling like a robust vanilla tea bag smelling like robust vanilla tea bag  and some of Russia's most popular russias popular  products are their fizzing bath bombs products fizzing bath bombs  which for the uninitiated are basically uninitiated basically  like solid balls of soap oils and like solid balls soap oils  fragrances which you drop into a bath to fragrances drop bath  get some skincare or aromatherapy get skincare aromatherapy  benefits and also for funsies now as an benefits also funsies  avid smeller and looker adder of fancy avid smeller looker adder fancy  bath products lush is for me often a top bath products lush often top  destination when going to a mall and it destination going mall  was during one of these visits while one visits  flagellating my nostrils with floral flagellating nostrils floral  aromas that the oh so familiar urge to aromas oh familiar urge  destroy combined and birth anew struck destroy combined birth anew struck  me the time had time  to make a Franken lush bath bomb and to make franken lush bath bomb  become the ruler of sense the Archduke become ruler sense archduke  of odors the Emperor of aromas the life odors emperor aromas life  of Bath Canterbury Tales anyone know bath canterbury tales anyone know  just me okay okay  also you guys have been requesting this also guys requesting  one for a while so let's do it all right one lets right  so we are here at the lush store at the lush store  Century City Mall ready to buy some bath century city mall ready buy bath  bombs to smash to shamash if you will oh bombs smash shamash oh  that's gonna get old fast so we quickly thats gonna get old fast quickly  got to work there right here bath bombs got work right bath bombs  right here filling up their little egg right filling little egg  crates with one bomb of each variety I'm crates one bomb variety im  trying to like figure out in my way of trying like figure way  determining which is the best one you determining best one  know like you're supposed like knock on know like youre supposed like knock  a watermelon or something give them a watermelon something give  good squeeze I feel like that will good squeeze feel like  destroy them do not Honka Honka the bath destroy honka honka bath  bombs now although the classic bath bomb bombs although classic bath bomb  is round lush does do a fair amount of round lush fair amount  variation in terms of texture what is variation terms texture  this the belly button oh that's a navel belly button oh thats navel  yeah oh it does look like a navel sighs yeah oh look like navel sighs  oh wow they're giant ones giant giant oh wow theyre giant ones giant giant  giant and shapes ooh like eggplants giant shapes ooh like eggplants  phallic and treasure chests why is the phallic treasure chests  rum always gone just to keep things rum always gone keep things  fresh and smooth that's the guardian of fresh smooth thats guardian  the forest the nigh guardian of the forest nigh guardian  forest Wow I don't know what to say for forest wow dont know say  myself I have nothing to say blush does nothing say blush  also make a lot of bath balm adjacent also make lot bath balm adjacent  items all right so we've got body items right weve got body  conditioner body butter magic Christic conditioner body butter magic christic  crystals I do not know what that is I'm crystals know im  gonna leave that over here like shower gonna leave like shower  bombs and bubble bars what about a bombs bubble bars  bubble rune a bubble what a bubble rune bubble rune bubble bubble rune  was that Tyler do I look like I know but tyler look like know  just to maintain the sanctity of our maintain sanctity  formula we're gonna go with just the formula gonna go  traditional bath bombs yes I'm ready to traditional bath bombs yes im ready  ready to check out and after ransacking ready check ransacking  the store we ended up with 46 bath bombs store ended  bath bombs  now luscious bath bomb lineup does luscious bath bomb lineup  change rather frequently as there are change rather frequently  many limited edition many limited edition  location exclusive bombs so I'm gonna location exclusive bombs im gonna  say we probably missed at least a couple say probably missed least couple  but we definitely got a healthy chunk oh definitely got healthy chunk oh  I thought of bath bombs and with our thought bath bombs  haul in hand it was time to commence our haul hand time commence  experiment let's go home and smash him experiment lets go home smash  let's go home and smash him y'all let's lets go home smash yall lets  kick the camera ting it's like a kick in kick camera ting like kick  the face okay face okay  so we have all of our bath bombs here bath bombs  and today our goal is to smash all of today goal smash  our bath bombs puree them in our food bath bombs puree food  processor and then form them into bath processor form bath  bombs with our bath bomb press I like it bombs bath bomb press like  I'm holding a weapon in my hand and very im holding weapon hand  threatening here beckoning with the threatening beckoning  hammer hammer  Bob the Builder is quaking also in case bob builder quaking also case  you're wondering where I am youre wondering  we moved say hello to the new kitchen moved say hello new kitchen  hello so we've divided our 46 bath bombs hello weve divided  bath bombs  into nine different color categories so nine different color categories  I'm gonna be smashing and pure aying by im gonna smashing pure aying  color so we can keep our color separate color keep color separate  and then use our color categories to try use color categories try  and make a layered rainbow design in our make layered rainbow design  bath bomb I can't make any promises but bath bomb cant make promises  we're gonna try and make it cute and gonna try make cute  we're gonna start smashing with the pink gonna start smashing pink  category category  so our first bath bomb is called first bath bomb called  Twilight Twilight new bath Twilight twilight twilight new bath twilight  breaking bath bombs mood and it just breaking bath bombs mood  smells pretty sweet I would say it smells pretty sweet would say  smells like what smells like  Bella's blood smelled like to Edward bellas blood smelled like edward  raging hormones all right shall we yeah raging hormones right shall yeah  should I hold it probably just don't hit hold probably dont hit  your fingers oh you know what I should fingers oh know  use this side so I'm kind of like axe use side im kind like axe  picking that did nothing that did picking nothing  absolutely nothing okay absolutely nothing okay  oh oh here it goes if I dig deeper do oh oh goes dig deeper  you think I'll find Renesmee nose that think ill find renesmee nose  lets Bella's baby lets bellas baby  whoa that's what I'm talking about oh whoa thats im talking oh  it's really blue inside so I'm gonna really blue inside im gonna  just break these into like a few smaller break like smaller  pieces yeah there we go pieces yeah go  alright I'm figuring it out man so alright im figuring man  besides Twilight there are eight other besides twilight eight  pink bath bombs five of which are pink bath bombs five  traditional spheres traditional spheres  I'm gonna grab I think this rosy one im gonna grab think rosy one  next including a sex bomb which is next including sex bomb  apparently one of their most popular apparently one popular  I mean lush is nothing if not horny yeah mean lush nothing horny yeah  we also have magma all right I'm gonna also magma right im gonna  try and like pick at the seam do you try like pick seam  think that'll work think thatll work  sure whoa oh my god it actually yes sure whoa oh god actually yes  marshmallow world this one's breaking marshmallow world ones breaking  good as opposed to Breaking Bad I wasn't good opposed breaking bad wasnt  going over there choco mint and pink going choco mint pink  just pink oh yeah that would did like a pink oh yeah would like  backflip blanket safety disclaimer I'm backflip blanket safety disclaimer im  sure I'm not using a hammer correctly so sure im using hammer correctly  just don't do anything I do ever besides dont anything ever besides  those we have three oddly shaped bombs three oddly shaped bombs  strawberries and cream oh yeah a lucky strawberries cream oh yeah lucky  cat oh yeah there is like a gold bar cat oh yeah like gold bar  inside what is that I don't know but I'm inside dont know im  covered in cat and a peach emoji they covered cat peach emoji  call me the booty destroyer you don't call booty destroyer dont  like that no yeah absolutely no reaction like yeah absolutely reaction  from Tyler okay yeah so those were the tyler okay yeah  Pink's up next are the oranges into the pinks next oranges  yellows now there are only like two and yellows like two  a half orange bath bombs since one of half orange bath bombs since one  them is like orange and yellow and first like orange yellow first  up is yuzu and Coco I keep thinking it's yuzu coco keep thinking  called like my navel but I think that called like navel think  that's just because that's what I think thats thats think  every time I look at it we're any of every time look  them called my navel no but a fuzzy called navel fuzzy  navel is a kind of orange drink so I navel kind orange drink  thought it would like work well but it's thought would like work well  fine it's fine I'm fine with it it's fine fine im fine  fine and then the only other full orange fine full orange  bath bomb is this one called Yuki hi bath bomb one called yuki hi  this is totally not the vibe of this totally vibe  bath bomb but when I look like straight bath bomb look like straight  into the camera with it it's a camera  I of Sauron no you don't think so now sauron dont think  it's more like his bellybutton mmm like bellybutton mmm  the navel of Sauron mm-hmm and then to navel sauron mmhmm  finish out the oranges we have our finish oranges  fruity giant bombshell it's also like fruity giant bombshell also like  tied together so I think there might be tied together think might  stuff inside whoa what the hell are we stuff inside whoa hell  gonna do with a whole bunch of gonna whole bunch  dehydrated orange slices I don't want to dehydrated orange slices dont want  mess with our bath bombs formula too mess bath bombs formula  much so I'm just gonna leave these out much im gonna leave  and maybe we can make potpourri with maybe make potpourri  them later or something so I'm gonna later something im gonna  hammer the orange first and I'm gonna hammer orange first im gonna  keep them separated so I'll like put the keep separated ill like put  orange half with the orange category and orange half orange category  the yellow half with the yellow category yellow half yellow category  this is flying Soren break and free flying soren break free  natasha bedingfield song no it's a high natasha bedingfield song high  school musical reference Tyler is school musical reference tyler  showing his age here I'm woefully showing age im woefully  ignorant of High School Musical there's ignorant high school musical theres  not a star in heaven that it can't reach star heaven cant reach  who's that whos  it's it's still high school musical still high school musical  besides the Giant dude if there are besides giant dude  three other yellow bath bombs three yellow bath bombs  honey I washed the kids it does have honey washed kids  slight death star vibes but like happy slight death star vibes like happy  death star royalty I feel like Cady death star royalty feel like cady  heron heron  mrs. regicide when she like divides up mrs regicide like divides  the crown amongst all of the Spring crown amongst spring  Fling attendees and turmeric latte whoo fling attendees turmeric latte whoo  oh it's mustardy in there like a spicy oh mustardy like spicy  Dijon mustard all right so that is the dijon mustard right  end of the yellows on to the greens end yellows greens  starting with the plainness of the mall starting plainness mall  this one which is called bow bath one called bow bath  besides that one avocado Thanks we also besides one avocado thanks also  have four other green bath bombs four green bath bombs  including the guardian of the forest including guardian forest  it's grouped everyone in bath bomb form grouped everyone bath bomb form  and also this one Mel you've seen also one mel youve seen  melly-mel using Mel usin a mucinous it's mellymel using mel usin mucinous  mucinex yeah Mel you see it Mel you mucinex yeah mel see mel  don't we also have two fun shaped ones dont also two fun shaped ones  like a little turtle we're gonna find like little turtle gonna find  out if you're totally enough for the youre totally enough  turtle club now well they've rejected me turtle club well theyve rejected  so I'm acting out and a treasure chest im acting treasure chest  called the Pirates of the Caribbean for called pirates caribbean  carrageenan carrageenan  like I've been placebo and it smells like ive placebo smells  like the chlorine in like the Pirates of like chlorine like pirates  the Caribbean ride at Disneyland it's a caribbean ride disneyland  little musty smelling damp room little musty smelling damp room  it smells damp oh ah doesn't aggressive smells damp oh ah doesnt aggressive  strike that was cinematic okay chest strike cinematic okay chest  destroyed treasure acquired greens done destroyed treasure acquired greens done  let's move on to blue now there are a lets move blue  lot of blue bath bombs nine to be exact lot blue bath bombs nine exact  and interestingly a lot of them have interestingly lot  like extra ingredients incorporated into like extra ingredients incorporated  them you can see some of the seaweed in see seaweed  there we'll kelpy so for the dry well kelpy dry  ingredients that are like mixed into the ingredients like mixed  bath bomb formula we're just gonna leave bath bomb formula gonna leave  those in there and hope the food hope food  processor takes care of the rest processor takes care rest  but anything we can remove like sea salt anything remove like sea salt  rocks or cocoa butter polyps oh oh oh rocks cocoa butter polyps oh oh oh  there's butter in here we're gonna do theres butter gonna  our best to get rid of so that is a full best get rid full  and extraction right there it's kind of extraction right kind  like dr. pimple popper if dr. pimple like dr pimple popper dr pimple  popper murdered people then yes it is popper murdered people yes  like that too besides those ones with like besides ones  like surprises inside there are also a like surprises inside also  lot of uniquely shaped bath bombs in lot uniquely shaped bath bombs  this category like this little bottle of category like little bottle  comb it's a small bean rocket science comb small bean rocket science  Miss Molly miss molly  I don't know it smells like Elon Musk dont know smells like elon musk  that's not bad I'll let that one fly thats bad ill let one fly  Rose butterflies there's some reason I rose butterflies theres reason  was looking at that bath bomb I just had looking bath bomb  Nelly Furtado's I'm like a bird in my nelly furtados im like bird  head me too wait actually me I was head wait actually  thinking that in might I don't know why thinking might dont know  we are on the same wavelength is that wavelength  the butterfly effect butterfly effect  no and this pale blue robot you know pale blue robot know  what's up you are Lord Farquaad right whats lord farquaad right  now I was about to say ginger man from say ginger man  Shrek vibes shrek vibes  Tyler we are vibing right now maybe what tyler vibing right maybe  happens is that we're tripping from all happens tripping  of the lush powder it's lush but it's lush powder lush  really just ayahuasca and after that really ayahuasca  it's time for the purple category time purple category  starting with goddess Oh house smell it starting goddess oh house smell  smells like the gift shop at Colonial smells like gift shop colonial  Williamsburg does it really williamsburg really  Konya Williamsburg really had a konya williamsburg really  I love it there besides that one we also love besides one also  have a lumpy blackberry bath bomb and a lumpy blackberry bath bomb  lavender bomb shrouded in gaad's I think lavender bomb shrouded gaads think  they're like in the bath your supposed theyre like bath supposed  to keep it in there because I think keep think  there is lavender in here so then it'll lavender itll  stay in like it's a little satchel as it stay like little satchel  dissolves but I think that for our dissolves think  purposes I should take it out of the bag purposes take bag  that one smells amazing it's just one smells amazing  straight lavender to the face but it's straight lavender face  really good and then the last purple really good last purple  bath bomb is the eggplant emoji I feel bath bomb eggplant emoji feel  like the meme that will be associated like meme associated  with this will be when Tyler pisses off tyler pisses  Sofia oh my god I would never sofia oh god would never  sounds like a 2000s Florida lawsuit sounds like  florida lawsuit  Florida woman hammers junk surprise florida woman hammers junk surprise  alien dick like I said before lush is alien dick like said lush  nothing if not horny oh I almost just nothing horny oh almost  said farewell sweet penis but that's not said farewell sweet penis thats  good good  can't really say that can i you did just cant really say  say it alright let's just leave it at say alright lets leave  that okay yeah so that concludes the okay yeah concludes  purple category now we're on to the purple category  black bath bombs of which there are only black bath bombs  two I'm gonna start off with the two im gonna start  Illuminati eye this one actually used to illuminati eye one actually used  be named Dark Arts but you know named dark arts know  apparently JK Rowling took a break from apparently jk rowling took break  Twitter to unleash her inner lawsuit and twitter unleash inner lawsuit  now it's called secret arts secret arts called secret arts secret arts  this other one is called black rose and one called black rose  it essentially looks like if our merch essentially looks like merch  was a bath bomb I would say basically bath bomb would say basically  yeah that's fair it's pretty on brand I yeah thats fair pretty brand  like it alright so those are our two like alright two  black bath bombs up next is the white / black bath bombs next white   beige category now there are eight beige category eight  neutral bath bombs and in the interest neutral bath bombs interest  of time we're just gonna smash and then time gonna smash  pass through them is there a song called pass song called  smack that from the mid-2000s I was smack   gonna say smack that out on the floor oh gonna say smack floor oh  yeah all right let me do the but first yeah right let first  presumably that's what what a conman presumably thats conman  you know smack in the butts you know but know smack butts know  though we are trying to hack our way though trying hack way  through this category category  as fast as possible as it gets later I fast possible gets later  become more ruthless please pray for my become ruthless please pray  thumbs there are a few interesting dudes thumbs interesting dudes  in here like Dragon's egg whoa like dragons egg whoa  it's yogi our EP gudetama another yogi ep gudetama another  fun-filled giant bombshell oh it's like funfilled giant bombshell oh like  a whole ass dried rose and a second whole ass dried rose second  mummified bath bomb look at that debris mummified bath bomb look debris  in there that's a chunky monkey thats chunky monkey  it looks like garlic butter you know looks like garlic butter know  when you see butter that has like extra see butter like extra  goodies in it like hands Mary and I goodies like hands mary  don't like that imagery but it smells dont like imagery smells  pretty good pretty good  and with those smack - all on the floor smack  floor  it's time to move on to our last time move last  category the multicolored bath bombs are category multicolored bath bombs  you ready to bathe the rainbow that's ready bathe rainbow thats  all I got of which there are three this got three  dual toned one moon spell oh whoa dual toned one moon spell oh whoa  there's a moon in there I'm not sure theres moon im sure  like what utility you get out of that in like utility get  the bath but it's pretty cool bath pretty cool  the psychedelic groovy kind of love dye psychedelic groovy kind love dye  lava lamp dye lava lamp dye  and our final bath bomb of them all The final bath bomb  Love Boat where should I go the the bow love boat go bow  or the stern also which ones which poop stern also ones poop  deck where's the poop deck Oh goodbye deck wheres poop deck oh goodbye  poop deck we're about to sink this Love poop deck sink love  Boat this boats heart will not go on boat boats heart go  that's actually not bad I didn't see thats actually bad didnt see  that coming so with that we have crapped coming crapped  smacked and smashed all 46 of our bath smacked smashed  bath  bombs and it is time now to move on to bombs time move  the food processing portion of the food processing portion  experiment I do have two food processors experiment two food processors  here one mama and one baby just in case one mama one baby case  there's too much chunk too many chunk theres much chunk many chunk  too many chunks one thing to note before many chunks one thing note  we get started is that after smashing get started smashing  some of the bath bombs revealed other bath bombs revealed  colors inside so weary categorized a colors inside weary categorized  couple of them including the entire couple including entire  rainbow section so we now only have rainbow section  eight groups to grind all right let's eight groups grind right lets  see if I know how to use a food see know use food  processor with you processor  starting with pink ready yeah go for it starting pink ready yeah go  let's pound some rock lets pound rock  which I hold the top hold top  that's a good food processor I think thats good food processor think  it's literally done it's pulverized I'm literally done pulverized im  not shocked I thought I was gonna have shocked thought gonna  to like go at it for a second this is like go second  awesome what else could we put in there awesome else could put  haha now as we are puree our bath bomb haha puree bath bomb  powder to go into our rainbow design powder go rainbow design  [Music]   dude dude  I am totally gonna break this thing totally gonna break thing  there's like no question there is one theres like question one  dynamic of this experiment we haven't dynamic experiment havent  talked about too much ooh which is the talked much ooh  odor this one smells like mint odor one smells like mint  toothpaste toothpaste  it looks like cotton candy but it smells looks like cotton candy smells  refreshing refreshing  so as we blend our categories to a pulp blend categories pulp  oh my god oh god  oh yeah I feel like this one's Wilder oh yeah feel like ones wilder  we're gonna give each one a good sniff gonna give one good sniff  woo that one smells amazing yeah it's woo one smells amazing yeah  like orange jasmine this one's my like orange jasmine ones  favorite to see just what kind of sense favorite see kind sense  we're working with here I'm gonna to working im gonna  switch this thing yeah stranger things switch thing yeah stranger things  style and what we found was that the style found  smells were all over the place there's smells place theres  like smoke rising out of this way now like smoke rising way  it's like if lush got dusted by thanos like lush got dusted thanos  with some kind of fresh scent dude kind fresh scent dude  citrus citrus I'm getting nothing else citrus citrus im getting nothing else  literally just lemon some more literally lemon  comforting smells this one kind of comforting smells one kind  smells like a Christmas cookie smells like christmas cookie  I think the turmeric is turning it spicy think turmeric turning spicy  and some herbaceous aromas hmm it kind herbaceous aromas hmm kind  of smells like a citrusy chamomile tea smells like citrusy chamomile tea  herbal tea the blue category went a herbal tea blue category went  little stereotypical this one smells little stereotypical one smells  like a oceanic Glade plugin like fake like oceanic glade plugin like fake  ocean smell I would say and the block ocean smell would say block  bath bombs though small in number now bath bombs though small number  that's what you call the black long thats call black long  packed a serious potpourri punch it packed serious potpourri punch  looks like soot but it smells like dried looks like soot smells like dried  flowers not fresh flowers dead flowers flowers fresh flowers dead flowers  and honestly I don't even know what honestly dont even know  happened in the purple category that happened purple category  does not smell good smell good  that smells a really bad actor smell smells really bad actor smell  like it smells like a baby wipe like a like smells like baby wipe like  diaper bag yeah I don't want to be than diaper bag yeah dont want  that I guess that's all to say that guess thats say  there's a lot going on here so I'm theres lot going im  interested to see which fragrances will interested see fragrances  come out on top I'm just hoping it's not come top im hoping  the purple the rest of them smell nice purple rest smell nice  this one is just funky but with that we one funky  do have all of our color categories color categories  dusted so it's finally time to make our dusted finally time make  bath bomb bath bomb  we have destroyed and now we must destroyed must  rebuild now when most people set out to rebuild people set  make a bath bomb they're making them make bath bomb theyre making  from scratch like with a recipe but in scratch like recipe  our case we are trying to revive dead case trying revive dead  bath bombs which makes our process a bath bombs makes process  little different specifically we're little different specifically  going to need to wet our powder so it going need wet powder  will restate to itself and keep the restate keep  shape of a bath bomb but also make sure shape bath bomb also make sure  that it will still fizz still fizz  when we drop it in the tub so to make drop tub make  our formula we are going to be adding formula going adding  baking soda oil and citric acid to all baking soda oil citric acid  of our individual color categories nope individual color categories nope  and the citric acid and the baking soda citric acid baking soda  are gonna be what causes the bomb to gonna causes bomb  react with water and the oil will react water oil  hopefully be our binding agent we could hopefully binding agent could  also use witch hazel but because it's also use witch hazel  more watery and because we're beginners watery beginners  were afraid we might prematurely afraid might prematurely  activate the Franken bath bomb powder activate franken bath bomb powder  while mixing now this is a little time mixing little time  sensitive because they can dry out and sensitive dry  we need them all to be wet at the same need wet  time so Tyler is gonna be helping me time tyler gonna helping  we're gonna be doing a couple of the gonna couple  colors off-camera and hopefully we can colors offcamera hopefully  figure this out figure  technically our powder should be fizzy technically powder fizzy  without this stuff like there is already without stuff like already  citric acid and baking soda in there but citric acid baking soda  since we're adding more oil into our since adding oil  mixture we wanted to make sure the mixture wanted make sure  ratios were right and once we have all ratios right  eight colors prepped it looks pretty eight colors prepped looks pretty  good yeah I think it's ready to go go good yeah think ready go go  for it we can bust out the real star of bust real star  the show show  so this is our bath bomb making machine bath bomb making machine  it is an industrial bath bomb press that industrial bath bomb press  we bought on a whim and now we're using bought whim using  it which I'm very excited about there im excited  are other bath bomb making methods bath bomb making methods  notably molds but we thought this notably molds thought  machine machine  seen more exciting and the way it works seen exciting way works  is that it has a little cup or mold that little cup mold  you fill up with your bath bomb batter fill bath bomb batter  we're gonna be putting alternating gonna putting alternating  spoonfuls of each of our colors in like spoonfuls colors like  in rainbow order to try and make a rainbow order try make  striped pattern I think that seems striped pattern think seems  pretty good actually it's nice and pretty good actually nice  perfect once it's full you place your perfect full place  cup underneath the pressing arm of the cup underneath pressing arm  device and then the machine is gonna use device machine gonna use  air pressure to like pretty aggressively air pressure like pretty aggressively  compact your formula into a bath bomb oh compact formula bath bomb oh  this is the coolest thing ever coolest thing ever  then you twist and flip the mold and twist flip mold  push the bath bomb into your hand push bath bomb hand  oh no no which for our zombie bath bombs oh zombie bath bombs  was easier said than done it's beautiful easier said done beautiful  but sad here is bath bomb attempt number sad bath bomb attempt number  one it is cool as hell but it did not one cool hell  work we're trying it again we're not work trying  giving up we had a pretty hard time giving pretty hard time  trying to figure out how to make this trying figure make  machine work for us Oh sadness which machine work us oh sadness  kind of makes sense because it's an kind makes sense  industrial press and I would hardly say industrial press would hardly say  we are in the bath bomb industry oh yeah bath bomb industry oh yeah  we how did that happen in fact if happen fact  anything I would say we are actively anything would say actively  undermining the bath bomb industry Wow undermining bath bomb industry wow  but regardless we just could not get our regardless could get  bath bombs to stop splitting in half bath bombs stop splitting half  down the middle mm-hmm it's stuck in middle mmhmm stuck  there and it's full unstuck up there full unstuck  whether they made it out of the press or whether made press  not  no so after trying a few different trying different  troubleshooting methods like greasing up troubleshooting methods like greasing  freakin everything the press and the freakin everything press  batter shaking our formula as we spooned batter shaking formula spooned  it in shake it good shake it and shake good shake  desperately holding the mold together as desperately holding mold together  the pressing arm lifted high everyone pressing arm lifted high everyone  hold on to their butts again we still hold butts still  failed oh it might have just fallen into failed oh might fallen  my hand hand  as you can see this side is a bit soft see side bit soft  and like kind of crumbled but the other like kind crumbled  side Oh literally as I said but the side oh literally said  other side is good it imploded in my side good imploded  hands so we finally decided to as a kind hands finally decided kind  of Hail Mary change up the order of the hail mary change order  colors going into the mold colors going mold  don't try inverse rainbow let's try dont try inverse rainbow lets try  inverse rainbow just because Roy GB that inverse rainbow roy gb  didn't really seem to be working for us didnt really seem working us  it looks like broccoli let's do this is looks like broccoli lets  the broccoli Avenger okay all right here broccoli avenger okay right  we go shake it like a Polaroid picture go shake like polaroid picture  okay okay okay I see it I see it already okay okay okay see see already  central no one say anything don't central one say anything dont  breathe okay wait it's still in my hand breathe okay wait still hand  how do i how do I get out of your hand get hand  and hold on okay okay oh my god that's a hold okay okay oh god thats  Frankie bath bomb ah someone pinched me frankie bath bomb ah someone pinched  so I guess the inverse rainbow thing was guess inverse rainbow thing  the best idea we had all night I thought best idea night thought  you were gonna dwight schroot it and gonna dwight schroot  that it was gonna make the watermelon gonna make watermelon  the bath ball may look a little green bath ball may look little green  but don't worry there are a lot of the dont worry lot  other colors in there they're just colors theyre  hiding inside that is a sexy-ass bath hiding inside sexyass bath  bomb can I make out with a bath bomb so bomb make bath bomb  with one multi-layered Franken bath bomb one multilayered franken bath bomb  produced this is rock and roll man those produced rock roll man  are appropriate rock horns this is rock appropriate rock horns rock  and roll we took a few more whacks at it roll took whacks  to make a backup bath bomb just in case make backup bath bomb case  don't ask why it's so wet I did some dont ask wet  things I'm not proud of and then just as things im proud  kind of like a secondary test we decided kind like secondary test decided  to use the remains of our earlier failed use remains earlier failed  attempts to make another Franken bath attempts make another franken bath  bomb it's gonna be the phoenix bath bomb bomb gonna phoenix bath bomb  from the fallen attempts it shall rise I fallen attempts shall rise  call it the Franken swamp bomb it's call franken swamp bomb  beautiful it's perfect that was like the beautiful perfect like  eighth baby for Octomom it just kind of eighth baby octomom kind  walked out just ran out of the womb walked ran womb  and after quickly making a back up quickly making back  swampy we were pretty much ready to swampy pretty much ready  retire the machine all right so we have retire machine right  two bath bombs of each variety and so two bath bombs variety  basically all we have to do is wait a basically wait  couple of days for them to dry out and couple days dry  then we can all take a bath together take bath together  it's very it's a very Roman video you roman video  know yeah that's the vibe hello friends know yeah thats vibe hello friends  and welcome to my tub we are here a few welcome tub  days after forming our Frank and bath days forming frank bath  bombs two bigs the backbones do seem bombs two bigs backbones seem  like decently dried out I'm nervous to like decently dried im nervous  touch them I'm nervous to look at them touch im nervous look  so it's time to bomb this bath all right time bomb bath right  bring in the bath bomb oh I got it all bring bath bomb oh got  right I'm gonna sniff it a good sign is right im gonna sniff good sign  that it doesn't overwhelmingly smell doesnt overwhelmingly smell  like lavender but it's hard to identify like lavender hard identify  like exactly what I'm smelling it's like exactly im smelling  definitely like a sweet smell would it definitely like sweet smell would  be a cop-out to say it just smells like copout say smells like  the lush store who would that be a lush store would  cop-out after doing some serious copout serious  investigative sniffing I think the dry investigative sniffing think dry  Franken bath balm smells most like a franken bath balm smells like  combo of rocket science and rose combo rocket science rose  butterfly which have Sicilian lemon butterfly sicilian lemon  bergamot and rose oil in Bama bergamot rose oil bama  so it basically smells like Elon Musk basically smells like elon musk  with a hint of nelly furtado but let's hint nelly furtado lets  see how that holds up in the bath see holds bath  shall I cannonball or like gently lower shall cannonball like gently lower  Oh oh  cannonball okay ready good bye oh it's cannonball okay ready good bye oh  fizzing oh it is a purple and green bomb fizzing oh purple green bomb  oh it's split in half oh there's one oh split half oh theres one  half where's the other half right here half wheres half right  oh what a great emergence oh great emergence  so as for first impressions it is very first impressions  fizzy which is great and what's also fun fizzy great whats also fun  about it is that as the bath bomb bath bomb  dissolves you can see the different dissolves see different  color categories come to the surface oh color categories come surface oh  no here I got some yellow it's like a got yellow like  sorting hat bath bomb yes yellow orange sorting hat bath bomb yes yellow orange  I'm seeing some blue as well so we did im seeing blue well  get some bath utility out of our rainbow get bath utility rainbow  design Oh design oh  oh yeah look at that emergence hi sis ah oh yeah look emergence hi sis ah  we're gonna bottle this and sell it for gonna bottle sell  $20 in the Internet right right Yeah  internet right right yeah  right bad makeup science bathwater right bad makeup science bathwater  do I have to like pour it down my butt like pour butt  crack for it to be worth something on crack worth something  that market yes market yes  now with our bath bomb fully bath bomb fully  disintegrated we were able to get a disintegrated able get  better look at just what it had done to better look done  the tub so this is a shredder bath bomb tub shredder bath bomb  he's got layers to right it's got layers hes got layers right got layers  it ends up green and swampy ah it ends green swampy ah  doesn't smell like onions thankfully but doesnt smell like onions thankfully  it does look the part look part  now as for what it actually smells like actually smells like  Oh interesting oh interesting  yeah as I'm smelling my Franken yeah im smelling franken  bathwater $20 on top of I it smells bathwater  top smells  way different than like the actual bath way different like actual bath  bomb did before we dropped it in oh yeah bomb dropped oh yeah  it smells much more florally whereas the smells much florally whereas  dry bath bomb was dominated by more of a dry bath bomb dominated  sweet citrus scent but both floral and sweet citrus scent floral  orange sense make sense when you look at orange sense make sense look  the most common ingredients across all common ingredients across  of our bath bombs as lavender rose Alang bath bombs lavender rose alang  Alang jasmine and chamomile are all in alang jasmine chamomile  the top 10 along with lemon orange and top  along lemon orange  bergamot there's also a lot of cocoa bergamot theres also lot cocoa  butter even when you consider the lumps butter even consider lumps  we removed though that doesn't really removed though doesnt really  have a strong scent but when you team it strong scent team  up with all of the almond oil we use to almond oil use  rebuild the bombs it definitely makes it rebuild bombs definitely makes  very moisturizing and slick in here let moisturizing slick let  me oh oh oh I'm sorry oh oh oh im sorry  Oh farewell farewell cruel world oh farewell farewell cruel world  besides moisturizing the top ingredients besides moisturizing top ingredients  also have soothing relaxing cleansing also soothing relaxing cleansing  and energizing properties so it's energizing properties  basically like a soapy Four Loko it's an basically like soapy four loko  upper and a downer upper downer  you know I'm facing towards $20 for her know im facing towards   freaking bath bought bath water so you freaking bath bought bath water  better pay up if you're gonna drink up better pay youre gonna drink  Tyler also wanted to lend his nostrils tyler also wanted lend nostrils  to the cause right this is making me cause right making  uncomfortable and we're married and uncomfortable married  though he tried his best it does smell though tried best smell  like wash like wash  he brought few insights if any but not brought insights  to close the door on any future odor close door future odor  investigations we did actually save one investigations actually save one  mason jars worth of Franken girl bath mason jars worth franken girl bath  water ooh YUM not to sell just to have water ooh yum sell  now we did also want to do a really also want really  quick bath test with the Franken swamp quick bath test franken swamp  balm and though it obviously doesn't balm though obviously doesnt  look the same oh yeah it looks like when look oh yeah looks like  Sponge Bob had the suds it did bring our sponge bob suds bring  bathwater to that familiar Shrek ehue I bathwater familiar shrek ehue  feel like mine is more clumpy and I feel feel like mine clumpy feel  like there's more like a general like theres like general  multicolored nough stew it but it is multicolored nough stew  certainly converging to swamp water certainly converging swamp water  green and emit a mild lemony flower green emit mild lemony flower  aroma there you go aroma go  Tyler Williams chest hair bathwater tyler williams chest hair bathwater  these thighs don't lie how its hips thighs dont lie hips  don't lie and with Tyler and his chest dont lie tyler chest  hair thoroughly enjoying their bath I hair thoroughly enjoying bath  can just rotate like this almost like rotate like almost like  like one of those pigs sits on a thing like one pigs sits thing  like a pig on a spit relax like pig spit relax  it seemed that our first episode of bath seemed first episode bath  makeup science had come to an end makeup science come end  I feel overall that was a pretty feel overall pretty  successful bath bomb experience I really successful bath bomb experience really  enjoyed the sheer amount of Smashing and enjoyed sheer amount smashing  smelling I got to do in this experiment smelling got experiment  I feel you're gonna snot rocket later feel youre gonna snot rocket later  sawfish to be multicolored that would be sawfish multicolored would  fun and it was also a very gratifying fun also gratifying  francon experience because we were able francon experience able  to figure out how to make all of this figure make  into a bath bomb which ended up being bath bomb ended  not bad bad  and I was really happy with both the really happy  design and the fizziness of our final design fizziness final  product that said I wouldn't say it was product said wouldnt say  the world's greatest or most luxurious worlds greatest luxurious  bath bomb like I'm not feeling like the bath bomb like im feeling like  effects and niceness of all of the bath effects niceness bath  bombs from lush together it is less than bombs lush together less  the sum of its parts sum parts  if that makes sense but it's not the makes sense  worst it's not too chunky and it doesn't worst chunky doesnt  smell like butt so I feel like that's smell like butt feel like thats  good so in conclusion I had fun I would good conclusion fun would  make bath bombs again though probably make bath bombs though probably  not from the ashes of 46 other bath ashes  bath  bombs and I am not sure what we're gonna bombs sure gonna  do with our mason jars full of bath mason jars full bath  water but my money's on family heirloom water moneys family heirloom  probably well we had our freaking candle probably well freaking candle  at our wedding maybe on our 10-year wedding maybe ear  we'll have our Franken bathwater gross well franken bathwater gross  but romantic thank you guys so much for romantic thank guys much  watching if you liked that video make watching liked video make  sure to smash that like button and if sure smash like button  you want to see more videos like this want see videos like  make sure to shamash that subscribe make sure shamash subscribe  button a big shout out to Amanda for button big shout amanda  watching thanks for watching Amanda and watching thanks watching amanda  I will see you guys a next bath see guys next bath  [music] This is Safiya's new intro song  safiyas new intro song  Hello hello  Friends and welcome to another video. friends welcome another video  Today, I'm gonna be trying out Amazon's personal shopping service today im gonna trying amazons personal shopping service  because we all know that Jeff Bezos is a stylin' dude. know jeff bezos stylin dude  Billions of dollars, one killer vest. So a few weeks ago, I was trawling the internet billions dollars one killer vest weeks ago trawling internet  bottom-feeding like a carpet shark as I am want to do, and I stumbled upon a few articles bottomfeeding like carpet shark want stumbled upon articles  announcing the launch of Amazon's new personal shopping service announcing launch amazons new personal shopping service  where basically Amazon Prime members can pay a small fee each month to take a fashion quiz and be matched up with a real live basically amazon prime members pay small fee month take fashion quiz matched real live  stylist as opposed to a robot stylist, stylist opposed robot stylist  I felt like that needed to be said, who will pick out things for you to wear. Now when I think of personal shoppers, felt like needed said pick things wear think personal shoppers  I sort of think of old-school, higher-end department stores. sort think oldschool higherend department stores  Kind of like what Rachel from FRIENDS's job was at Bloomingdale's. kind like rachel friendss job bloomingdales  "My mom calls it bloomies." mom calls bloomies  So I think it's kind of interesting that Amazon has "killed retail" and now is trying to bring back things from it, think kind interesting amazon killed retail trying bring back things  but it also feels like with this they're trying to close in on the Stitch Fix style box space because the format is kind of also feels like theyre trying close stitch fix style box space format kind  similar where you take a quiz, they give you suggestions, you try things on, and choose what to keep. So it seems like similar take quiz give suggestions try things choose keep seems like  Amazon is just trying to eat everyone's lunch. "Who would steal 30 bag lunches?" amazon trying eat everyones lunch would steal  bag lunches  But I guess we'll see how they do guess well see  both in terms of figuring out my style and in terms of what the products themselves are like because Amazon has sort of a huge terms figuring style terms products like amazon sort huge  spectrum of quality and price. spectrum quality price  Like will we be on the Wish side of Amazon or on like the Nordstrom side of Amazon? like wish side amazon like nordstrom side amazon  I guess we'll find out. guess well find  So right now I'm gonna take this quiz, and then in a few days right im gonna take quiz days  they'll give me a personal shopper, and then we'll see what they come up with. theyll give personal shopper well see come  And if I don't end up bald and wearing a great vest I'm gonna be very upset. Alright, dont end bald wearing great vest im gonna upset alright  let's do it. So apparently the Amazon personal shopping service is only available on the app for your phone, lets apparently amazon personal shopping service available app phone  so I have my phone. I am screen recording that is why there is a computer here phone screen recording computer  also. I think I should just search for personal shopper right? Here we go also think search personal shopper right go  I found the landing page. "Introducing personal shopper by Prime Wardrobe. Let our stylists do the shopping for you. found landing page introducing personal shopper prime wardrobe let stylists shopping  Just $4.99 a month. Cancel anytime. We'll see about that Amazon." You can't really cancel anyone nowadays.  month cancel anytime well see amazon cant really cancel anyone nowadays  All right, I'm gonna click "let's get started". Bing! right im gonna click lets get started bing  Ooh, it says: "create your style profile", "customize your upcoming styling", and "sign up for your membership". ooh says create style profile customize upcoming styling sign membership  Am I not already signed up for Amazon Prime? Is this like sign up inception? already signed amazon prime like sign inception  I have to sign up for an account within my own account. All right, I'm gonna click "next". Ah yes, sign account within account right im gonna click next ah yes  we're on to the quiz now, and the first question of my style profile is: "How often do you like to wear the following styles?" quiz first question style profile often like wear following styles  So it seems like it's giving me sort of like seems like giving sort like  outfit flat lays, and then I have to say if I like them or not or how much I would wear them. And the first outfit flat lays say like much would wear first  one is casual. I would say often. I would say that I don't really wear real pants anymore, one casual would say often would say dont really wear real pants anymore  so I think that counts towards often. think counts towards often  - [Tyler] I would say always.   would say always  Edgy! Oh, I mean I think this flat lay is definitely like more my vibe, edgy oh mean think flat lay definitely like vibe  but I would say my daily style is more like edgy with yoga pants on. I'm gonna say often on this one also. Next up, would say daily style like edgy yoga pants im gonna say often one also next  romantic. I do like like turtlenecks and lace, but I feel like not necessarily in a romantic way, romantic like like turtlenecks lace feel like necessarily romantic way  so maybe I should say rarely. Alright, sporty. Now, I'm not sporty but I do like athleisure. maybe say rarely alright sporty im sporty like athleisure  - [Tyler] Yes.   yes  I like leisure. I edit most of my days. like leisure edit days  - [Tyler] Well we have that bike desk.   well bike desk  I don't use it, dont use  but I like it. like  - [Tyler] You like what it stands for.   like stands  Yes. Oh, and then the next one is glam which I would say yes oh next one glam would say  I am rarely glam. Nothing against glam. Good for glam. rarely glam nothing glam good glam  - [Tyler] Good for glam?   good glam  You know, wam bam hand in the glam. It's usually just, "wam bam hand in the clam." know wam bam hand glam usually wam bam hand clam  - [Tyler] No it's - wam bam thank you ma'am.    wam bam thank maam  What?  - [Tyler] Where did this clam reference come from?   clam reference come  I don't even know. Okay, so the next one is minimal. dont even know okay next one minimal  In a sort of monochromatic way, I am minimal, but I do like dramatic flourishes. sort monochromatic way minimal like dramatic flourishes  So I would say I'm sometimes minimal. I would say that's pretty fair. would say im sometimes minimal would say thats pretty fair  And then the last flat lay is retro. Now I do enjoy a good decade last flat lay retro enjoy good decade  fashion adventure, but I'm not sure my daily style is retro. So I'm gonna say rarely and then click "next". fashion adventure im sure daily style retro im gonna say rarely click next  Let's see what else they have in the store for me. Ooh, all right. This is a question about brands. lets see else store ooh right question brands  Oh no, I'm never good at these. Which of the following are in your closet? Adidas, yes. Alo yoga, oh im never good following closet adidas yes alo yoga  yes. Amazon essentials? They have their own brand? See, I told you they're coming for everyone's merkin. yes amazon essentials brand see told theyre coming everyones merkin  - [Tyler] They make everybody's merkin.   make everybodys merkin  I mean, it seems like Amazon will soon be the worldwide mean seems like amazon soon worldwide  manufacturer of merkins, so everyone hang on to yours. Yeah, I don't have that many brands. manufacturer merkins everyone hang yeah dont many brands  I have like one pair of Calvin Klein underwear and four pairs of Calin Kelun underwear, so um. I don't see him on here. like one pair calvin klein underwear four pairs calin kelun underwear um dont see  I'm pretty disappointed about that. Oh, Ugg is on here. I do have one very large pair of Uggs, im pretty disappointed oh ugg one large pair uggs  so I feel like that counts. feel like counts  - [Tyler] You shouldn't be including products from videos though.   shouldnt including products videos though  See, but if I don't then I only have like one brand checked, so. see dont like one brand checked  - [Tyler] Ok, got it.   ok got  Ah, so the next question is about colors and patterns that I dislike. Hm. ah next question colors patterns dislike hm  I feel like I should be honest and click everything. feel like honest click everything  - [Tyler] Yeah   yeah  I'll leave like the neutrals on, but I'm gonna get rid of colors just so they know that. So currently what's left on there are: ill leave like neutrals im gonna get rid colors know currently whats left  neutrals, grays, blacks, and silvers. This is embarrassing for some reason. I feel exposed. neutrals grays blacks silvers embarrassing reason feel exposed  So the next section is asking me how often I wear different clothing items. First up is dresses. next section asking often wear different clothing items first dresses  I'm gonna say I often wear dresses actually. When I shave my legs. im gonna say often wear dresses actually shave legs  For like the week after that I wear only dresses. Jeans. like week wear dresses jeans  I'm not against them, but I do rarely reach for them. Pants, same deal. If it's not stretchy im rarely reach pants deal stretchy  it's not that I don't like it, it's that I don't wear it. All right, next. dont like dont wear right next  Ah, now it's asking me how I feel about specific trends. Midi-length ah asking feel specific trends midilength  dresses and skirts. dresses skirts  I'm actually a big fan of like midi and maxi length things. im actually big fan like midi maxi length things  Partially because it partially  minimizes the amount of leg you have to shave and also because you can kind of sweep around. You know, minimizes amount leg shave also kind sweep around know  you have kind of like a butt cape. kind like butt cape  - [Tyler] A lot of your clothing decisions centralize around leg hair.   lot clothing decisions centralize around leg hair  Leg hair and also leg hair also  dramatic flourishes. Do I have to shave my legs and can I pretend I'm Snape? Ooh-hoo! dramatic flourishes shave legs pretend im snape oohhoo  The next trend is bell sleeves. Let me just smash that "love it" button. Circle. next trend bell sleeves let smash love button circle  Hole. What? hole  - [Tyler] Smash that hole?   smash hole  I didn't realize it sounded like that. didnt realize sounded like  Obviously, I am a giant fan of bell sleeves, bat wing sleeves, obviously giant fan bell sleeves bat wing sleeves  giant sleeves, really dramatic sleeves of any kind, so they can send these to me all they want. giant sleeves really dramatic sleeves kind send want  Okay, so the next question is about my body shape. I think I'm straight up and down. okay next question body shape think im straight  I think I've got wide shoulders and wide hips but not necessarily like a really small waist. I think I'm just think ive got wide shoulders wide hips necessarily like really small waist think im  straight up and down. straight  - [Tyler] You're like celery.   youre like celery  What did we say in that video we did? The perfect makeover video? say video perfect makeover video  - [Tyler] You're like a rhubarb.   youre like rhubarb  Rhubarb, I've got the rhubarb body type. Tyler's into it. rhubarb ive got rhubarb body type tylers  - [Tyler] Yeah.   yeah  The next couple of sections of the quiz are asking me how I like different next couple sections quiz asking like different  clothing items to fit, how much I like to highlight different parts of my body, my height and my weight, and my clothing items fit much like highlight different parts body height weight  general sizes. And they're also giving me an opportunity to leave a little extra fit info for the stylist. general sizes theyre also giving opportunity leave little extra fit info stylist  Oh, maybe I should tell them I have a big booty? oh maybe tell big booty  - [Tyler] Okay.   okay  I have decently long legs and kind of a big booty. FYI. Alright, decently long legs kind big booty fyi alright  next. And then there are even more questions. next even questions  Including some about my budget, for which I'm just gonna check towards the middle of each category, including budget im gonna check towards middle category  and then a series of questions about how often I'd like to receive certain vibes of items like: series questions often id like receive certain vibes items like  business-y, going to the club-y, businessy going cluby  snug-y. Those kinds of things. And with that, I am finally at the end of this quiz. snugy kinds things finally end quiz  It's gonna let me save my style profile, so let's do that. I'm gonna click "continue". Alright, so this is about my payment information. gonna let save style profile lets im gonna click continue alright payment information  - [Tyler] Don't they know everything already?   dont know everything already  They do, they do, they do. Ah ha, my personal shopper subscription is confirmed, and next up ah ha personal shopper subscription confirmed next  they're gonna notify me when my stylist's pics are ready. theyre gonna notify stylists pics ready  So presumably in a few days that real life, not robot, stylist is gonna reach out to me and presumably days real life robot stylist gonna reach  recommend me some stuff to wear. So I'll see you guys then. recommend stuff wear ill see guys  Alright. alright  So it's a few days later, and I've received a notification that my Amazon shopper has picked out a few things for me days later ive received notification amazon shopper picked things  to go through and see what I like from them. go see like  Tyler: Choose from? tyler choose  That's better. In general, thats better general  I haven't been like contacted by any person besides this push notification havent like contacted person besides push notification  like I haven't chatted with anyone on the phone or like DM to anyone but I did participate in like a like havent chatted anyone phone like dm anyone participate like  Tinder style survey where Amazon like gave me selections and then I would like swipe left or right if I liked them or not tinder style survey amazon like gave selections would like swipe left right liked  So that did provide them like a little more information than just the quiz that we took but besides that that's it provide like little information quiz took besides thats  Okay, so I guess we should just open up the app and see what's up okay guess open app see whats  Shall we haha, my pics already I've clicked in shall haha pics already ive clicked  Okay, so they sent me a list of like 10 clothing items presumably based off of my style profile okay sent list like  clothing items presumably based style profile  So they say that I should choose two to eight items from this list to try on at home for free say choose two eight items list try home free  There's two jackets on here two dresses theres two jackets two dresses  For tops one pair of leggings and one pair of shoes tops one pair leggings one pair shoes  They all seem to be name brands that I recognize seem name brands recognize  so we're definitely on the Bloomies side of Amazon versus the Romwe side with the average price being about definitely bloomies side amazon versus romwe side average price  $60 per item. Overall  per item overall  These clothes look pretty decent if a little plain clothes look pretty decent little plain  But I'm gonna hold off any real judgement until I can see them in person im gonna hold real judgement see person  Maybe I should try on eight just so we can see maybe try eight see  The most possible which means that two of these clothing items are getting out Vitas aimed right now possible means two clothing items getting vitas aimed right  I think that I am going to think going  Leave out this gray turtleneck sweater just because it's not really doing a lot for me and I can't really see myself leave gray turtleneck sweater really lot cant really see  Keeping it. So I'm not gonna waste its time. And then the second item I'm gonna boot is this jean jacket keeping im gonna waste time second item im gonna boot jean jacket  I feel like although I do wear denim jackets a lot feel like although wear denim jackets lot  Getting a plain denim jacket to try on is not the most exciting thing. getting plain denim jacket try exciting thing  - [Tyler] No    So I think I'm gonna eliminate that one as well and then we'll go with everything else basically think im gonna eliminate one well well go everything else basically  So I'm going to say review and ship and we will see these items when they arrive here im going say review ship see items arrive  And we can try them on. So next time you see me try next time see  I'll have my haul. Alright ill haul alright  so it's about a week later and we are here and ready to unbox, I mean, unbag our week later ready unbox mean unbag  Amazon personal shopper haul. amazon personal shopper haul  - [Tyler] Oh, wow.   oh wow  It's a pretty big sack. pretty big sack  - [Tyler] You just slammed that thing   slammed thing  There's nothing fragile in there, is there? theres nothing fragile  - [Tyler] No, there isn't.   isnt  Alright. So this is my sack. alright sack  - [Tyler] This is your sack?   sack  This is my sack sack  - [Tyler] Okay, you're saying sack a lot   okay youre saying sack lot  I feel compelled to say sack it feels right in my mouth. feel compelled say sack feels right mouth  - [Tyler] Oh my god [wheeze]   oh god   Sorry, why am I so raunchy today? sorry raunchy today  - [Tyler] I don't know.   dont know  Ooh alright first up is I believe a white denim or linen jacket ooh alright first believe white denim linen jacket  I kind of like this jacket actually when I see it in person. It's got a little bit of like a kind like jacket actually see person got little bit like  Waist cincher and it also has like some nice like cargo sort of like military jacket vibes. It feels nice waist cincher also like nice like cargo sort like military jacket vibes feels nice  It's definitely the right weight for a Los Angeles jacket. definitely right weight los angeles jacket  - [Tyler] So it's like barely a jacket.   like barely jacket  It's barely a jacket barely jacket  Yeah, but that's the kind of jacket you need in LA. So I'm not angry about that. yeah thats kind jacket need la im angry  - [Tyler] We can mock it but it's practical   mock practical  Alright, so that is item one of eight. What's next out of my bag of tricks? Ooh alright item one eight whats next bag tricks ooh  Exciting stuff this is the linen peasant blouse exciting stuff linen peasant blouse  This looks very looks  Comfy actually a little similar to a different like peasant shirt that I own that I've worn in a fair amount of videos actually comfy actually little similar different like peasant shirt ive worn fair amount videos actually  So this is not a terrible pick, but maybe not the most exciting pick. terrible pick maybe exciting pick  - [Tyler] No    It's cute and cute  -Serviceable for now. We'll see how it fits. We'll see how it fits. 
- [Tyler] Yeah. 
- Ooh serviceable well see fits well see fits 
  yeah 
 ooh  Alright, here is another black item. I think this is our black t-shirt alright another black item think black tshirt  they taped this one seriously taped one seriously  - [Tyler] they do not want you to get into that thing   want get thing  Why? What the actual heck is going on. actual heck going  - [Tyler] Is it double bagged?   double bagged  I don't know--ooh dont knowooh  This is cute. Actually, I would say online cute actually would say online  um um  It looked like slightly looked like slightly  Underwhelming but actually in person I like the fabric the seam down the middle and the knot detail underwhelming actually person like fabric seam middle knot detail  It's a very very conservative version of the hit me baby one more time conservative version hit baby one time  It's like I will tie up my shirt act wear my jeans end. Okay, so next up like tie shirt act wear jeans end okay next  We've got this lump. Look ma, it's a lump. weve got lump look lump  - [Tyler] It looks something came out of a vending machine kind of   looks something came vending machine kind  That is totally next up for Amazon. Yes, clothing vending machines Wow. I just gave them a free idea. You're welcome totally next amazon yes clothing vending machines wow gave free idea youre welcome  All right. So here's a cute white wrap top. Oh right heres cute white wrap top oh  - The fronts open. 
- [Tyler] Oh, yeah? 
- I'm flashing myself  fronts open 
  oh yeah 
 im flashing  It is a little little  business casual and I am pretty much in a place in my life where I have no need for business casual clothing and I think business casual pretty much place life need business casual clothing think  I told them that but you know, we'll see how it looks on. Maybe it reads a little more casual on the body told know well see looks maybe reads little casual body  All right, what's next? right whats next  Ah, I believe these are the leggings. Whoo ah believe leggings whoo  The fabric of these is really soft. Tyler, feel this reach out and feel this. fabric really soft tyler feel reach feel  Suddenly it's turned into a leggings ad. Oh, yeah reach out and feel this, Rhonda suddenly turned leggings ad oh yeah reach feel rhonda  - [Tyler] Rhonda?   rhonda  I'm trying to be like a home shopping network type person now im trying like home shopping network type person  I did tell them that I liked yoga pants and these do feel pretty promising but as a sort of like item that was picked tell liked yoga pants feel pretty promising sort like item picked  Out for me personally by a stylist. Once again, I would say it's a little bit of a safe choice. personally stylist would say little bit safe choice  - [Tyler] Very safe. Yeah. It's like I'm gonna buy a lady in her 20s yoga pants.   safe yeah like im gonna buy lady  yoga pants  What!  We like those? That's wild. All right, so next up. We have this gray sweater dress, which is very cute like thats wild right next gray sweater dress cute  I like the neckline and I like these little things around the sleeves, but I am a little concerned like neckline like little things around sleeves little concerned  about the thickness of the knit thickness knit  I thought that this dress might be more of like a where whenever like thin dress and this is definitely a sweater dress thought dress might like whenever like thin dress definitely sweater dress  Like I feel the warmth like feel warmth  I feel like they didn't 100% take into account my location for this one feel like didnt  take account location one  Like if I still lived in Chicago, I would be pleased with this. But I don't. like still lived chicago would pleased dont  - [Tyler] Something that like a personal stylist should know   something like personal stylist know  I mean Amazon definitely knows that mean amazon definitely knows  All right, let me roll this thing up and then we'll move on to the second to last item right let roll thing well move second last item  - [Tyler] the penultimate   penultimate  the penultimate item penultimate item  - [Tyler] Oh, that's cute.   oh thats cute  Whoo, I like this pattern. whoo like pattern  - [Tyler] What are those?    I think they're stars here. Let me like unfurl. Oh think theyre stars let like unfurl oh  - [Tyler] This is definitely your style   definitely style  This is definitely up my alley. There are a lot of features on this dress that strike my fancy definitely alley lot features dress strike fancy  I like the like fit-and-flare. I do like the sort of um corset neckline situation like like fitandflare like sort um corset neckline situation  even if it doesn't look good on me, this is even doesnt look good  Probably a good pick like from a online personal shopper probably good pick like online personal shopper  I would say that this is a good shot a good (Tyler: stab) a good stab (a good stab) I declare would say good shot good  good stab  declare  Cute. Ow cute ow  We should get a gavel. get gavel  - [Tyler] We don't need a gavel.   dont need gavel  I need a gavel dear Amazon personal shopper dear Bezos need gavel dear amazon personal shopper dear bezos  can you send me a gavel? So that is item seven out of eight and then our final item is a pair of shoes and send gavel item seven eight final item pair shoes  If I remember correctly remember correctly  These are a pair of white studded backless mules pair white studded backless mules  - [Tyler] those these are like straight out of the Elton John biopic   like straight elton john biopic  Yeah, I was gonna say for some reason. These are giving me like somewhere in between yeah gonna say reason giving like somewhere  Elvis Presley and Kris Jenner elvis presley kris jenner  Bedroom slippers, does that make sense at all? bedroom slippers make sense  - [Tyler] You know you throw some sunglasses on and give her a microphone and I think Kris Jenner could like be a stand-in for Elvis   know throw sunglasses give microphone think kris jenner could like standin elvis  That's not the worst call. It's not perfect, but it's not the worst thats worst call perfect worst  These shoes are an interesting choice and sort of like a judge on Project Runway or Top Chef shoes interesting choice sort like judge project runway top chef  I have to give them points for trying something. (Tyler: Yeah) this is not like a sort of neutral white top or great dress give points trying something  like sort neutral white top great dress  This is like a studded  mule like studded  mule  So with all of our items de-sacked, let's get them on my body and see how they look items desacked lets get body see look  -[Tyler] The King Kardashian lives  king kardashian lives  So after trying on our eight items trying eight items  There were some hits some misses and some close but no cigars and out of those hits misses close cigars  I would say that there are four items would say four items  I'm pretty sure I'm not gonna keep first being the white linen jacket. In general, this is quite a comfortable jacket im pretty sure im gonna keep first white linen jacket general quite comfortable jacket  It's very light and the cut of it is okay light cut okay  But a white linen jacket just seems pretty hard to maintain white linen jacket seems pretty hard maintain  So I don't think I would wear it dont think would wear  Especially since I'm used to rubbing spills into my jacket rather than off of it especially since im used rubbing spills jacket rather  - [Tyler] I can already envision like mustard stains on this thing.   already envision like mustard stains thing  Yeah. I eat a lot of mustard. Mustard, hot sauce, coffee yeah eat lot mustard mustard hot sauce coffee  I consume a lot of stain-ful items. Like I've said before I'm a sauce gal consume lot stainful items like ive said im sauce gal  That's a problem with the white jacket. The second item that's going back to Bezos is the black also linen thats problem white jacket second item thats going back bezos black also linen  peasant top peasant top  I feel like my problem with this top is that it is close to a top that I already like so it's kind of in feel like problem top close top already like kind  Like an uncanny valley in between a hill. That is I have a top that's like this like uncanny valley hill top thats like  So I do like this style and another Hill that well if I like that top better than I should keep this top the fabric like style another hill well like top better keep top fabric  Of it is also kind of stiff and wrinkle prone which isn't awesome also kind stiff wrinkle prone isnt awesome  I feel like with like a peasant top you might want to just be able to sort of throw it on a little bit more feel like like peasant top might want able sort throw little bit  than like a shirt you have to like steam and like shirt like steam  unwrinkle. The third item that's getting returned is the white wrap top. unwrinkle third item thats getting returned white wrap top  Usually I'm a medium fan of like wrap style tops usually im medium fan like wrap style tops  but this is an actual wrap top like there is holes in it and like I actually have to wrap it together and it could actual wrap top like holes like actually wrap together could  become unwrapped and then I could flash people so it not only feels kind of precarious but also become unwrapped could flash people feels kind precarious also  I don't think it is the most flattering style on me. So it is out along with the gray dont think flattering style along gray  inappropriate for LA sweater dress. it is warm and comfortable like what I'm feeling myself inappropriate la sweater dress warm comfortable like im feeling  Like I am liking what I'm feeling, but it's fitting me a little bit weird once it's on my body like liking im feeling fitting little bit weird body  - [Tyler] It's like a pillowcase.   like pillowcase  Maybe it should have been like more body con or just like more flowy maybe like body con like flowy  (Tyler: Yeah) It's kind of like in-between, which is pretty unfortunate because I do like the sleeves  kind like inbetween pretty unfortunate like sleeves  I like how long they are. And they've also wrapped my wrists or sort of like forearms like a present. like long theyve also wrapped wrists sort like forearms like present  - [Tyler] They're slightly mummified what I thought when I saw it   theyre slightly mummified thought saw  mummy meets Christmas present. Besides those there are two items in our haul that I'm kind of on the fence about mummy meets christmas present besides two items haul im kind fence  One being the black knot detail shirt one black knot detail shirt  I actually like this one on actually like one  - [Tyler] There's not a lot not to like it looks pretty standard.   theres lot like looks pretty standard  It is fairly standard, I'll be honest, but it's quite comfortable fairly standard ill honest quite comfortable  I really like like sort of like lightweight feel and I do like the knot detail bring it around really like like sort like lightweight feel like knot detail bring around  town. I feel like my hesitancy comes from the fact that it's kind of plain and it just doesn't feel like something that I couldn't town feel like hesitancy comes fact kind plain doesnt feel like something couldnt  Find myself at a variety of other stores find variety stores  But I still might keep it the second item that I'm not so sure about is the yoga pants these yoga pants are still might keep second item im sure yoga pants yoga pants  Incredibly comfortable sort of like a nice soft teddy bear around my thighs incredibly comfortable sort like nice soft teddy bear around thighs  But they are maybe a hair big. I think it's because they're not super like maybe hair big think theyre super like  Hug, or they're not really like rump lifting yoga pants hug theyre really like rump lifting yoga pants  They're kind of like lounging yoga pants and I prefer at least a little snapback action from my leggings theyre kind like lounging yoga pants prefer least little snapback action leggings  I'm a little bit disappointed that these are too big because otherwise I would im little bit disappointed big otherwise would  Definitely keep these and I am leaning towards returning these and buying these exact leggings in one size smaller definitely keep leaning towards returning buying exact leggings one size smaller  It seems like Tyler is on Team keep though. You want a pair Tyler? seems like tyler team keep though want pair tyler  - [Tyler] I'll take that pair   ill take pair  Yeah, I'll buy a smaller pair and you'll wear this pair yeah ill buy smaller pair youll wear pair  - [Tyler] just hand them over to me.   hand  I think we've figured it out think weve figured  I think that's what we're gonna do and then the final two items of the haul think thats gonna final two items haul  I'm actually leaning towards keeping the first one of which is this black starry dress im actually leaning towards keeping first one black starry dress  Alright, okay. I like this dress. alright okay like dress  - [Tyler] Yeah, me too   yeah  This one is definitely one of the more exciting pics from the stylist. I would say it is like okay, it has details one definitely one exciting pics stylist would say like okay details  It's a dress. It has a pattern. It's got sleeves, you know, there's something to it dress pattern got sleeves know theres something  - [Tyler] Yeah   yeah  It's a garment with a little style and besides the silhouette and the details the pattern is garment little style besides silhouette details pattern  Definitely up my alley. It's a little witchy definitely alley little witchy  (Tyler: Yeah) a little celestial a little I want to say woman of the night, but I know that has different connotations  little celestial little want say woman night know different connotations  But you know what? I mean? know mean  - [Tyler] Yeah, like a modern Sanderson sister   yeah like modern sanderson sister  Yes sistahs grab your vacuums! Tonight: we fly! Besides the dress yes sistahs grab vacuums tonight fly besides dress  I think we all knew the Elvis Jenner slides had to be a winner. think knew elvis jenner slides winner  - [Tyler] Alright. Those are a hard keep come on   alright hard keep come  Though I have no idea what to wear them with. I feel strangely drawn to them in general. They are interesting though idea wear feel strangely drawn general interesting  (Tyler: Yeah) they are a conversation piece. They are out there and even though I would not have picked these out for myself  conversation piece even though would picked  I respect the stylist for going out on a limb to try to show me a new look respect stylist going limb try show new look  - [Tyler] They are unbelievable. I want these things, Saf   unbelievable want things saf  Elvis Jenner loafers, they're a thing. Don't look it up elvis jenner loafers theyre thing dont look  So that was our Amazon personal shopper haul. In general amazon personal shopper haul general  I think that all of the pics were nice quality think pics nice quality  But overall I would not say I was wowed all of the things they picked out for me overall would say wowed things picked  It could reasonably be justified by my answers on the quiz could reasonably justified answers quiz  But most of them were pretty safe or middle-of-the-road pretty safe middleoftheroad  selections and it definitely didn't seem like they were trying to show me the range of what Amazon has to offer or any selections definitely didnt seem like trying show range amazon offer  up-and-coming trends upandcoming trends  in fact fact  I don't think we saw anything that they said was a trend from that one portion of the quiz and I think when you evaluate dont think saw anything said trend one portion quiz think evaluate  What a personal shopper brings to the table personal shopper brings table  You kind of want someone who is better at shopping than you or who knows more about fashion than you do like with Rachel Green kind want someone better shopping knows fashion like rachel green  And Joey's murse this is a great bag joeys murse great bag  Okay, and it's as handy as it is becoming which may not have been the right choice okay handy becoming may right choice  But hey, at least she tried now the service does say that they try to improve their picks as you use it over time hey least tried service say try improve picks use time  But I feel like they could do a better job feel like could better job  Faster if you could actually chat with your stylist faster could actually chat stylist  But we never heard from any human at any point never heard human point  - [Tyler] where's, like, the personalized note, you know, like an explanation   wheres like personalized note know like explanation  I would have loved a note. (Tyler: Yeah) I would have really loved a note would loved note  would really loved note  I wish I knew who my stylist was Alexa just pipes up from the corner "it was me" wish knew stylist alexa pipes corner  Interestingly on the FAQ page for this service interestingly faq page service  they kind of imply that there may not actually be a person styling you and it might all be an kind imply may actually person styling might  Algorithm, so you may just be paying for a conglomeration of the suggested for you bar algorithm may paying conglomeration suggested bar  I'm not saying that's definitely what's happening, but it seems possible im saying thats definitely whats happening seems possible  All of that said I wouldn't say the service was terrible said wouldnt say service terrible  It was about the same as any other style box service style box service  It just wasn't very exciting which is kind of disappointing given how much weird crap there is on Amazon wasnt exciting kind disappointing given much weird crap amazon  I actually think I would highly enjoy an Amazon personal shopper sending me random gadgets actually think would highly enjoy amazon personal shopper sending random gadgets  I actually might like that more than this actually might like  But who knows? Maybe I'm just salty that I still have hair on my head and I do not have a killer vest knows maybe im salty still hair head killer vest  That's all I really wanted. Anyway, thank you guys so much for watching thats really wanted anyway thank guys much watching  if you liked that video make sure to shamash that like button and you want to see more videos like this make sure to liked video make sure shamash like button want see videos like make sure  Shamash that subscribe button a big shout out to Tesha for watching. Thanks for watching Tesha and I will see you guys  a-next time shamash subscribe button big shout tesha watching thanks watching tesha see guys  anext time  { INTRO MUSIC }  intro music   [Safiya] Hello, friends,  hello friends  and welcome to another video. welcome another video  Today, we have some bonus wedding content for you today bonus wedding content  [Tyler] This is the full version of our first dance,  full version first dance  which was a recreation of the tango scene from The Addams Family Values. recreation tango scene addams family values  [Safiya] What can I say?  say  I'm a Morticia stan. im morticia stan  [Tyler] Now, as some of you guys might know,  guys might know  we recently posted a full wedding vlog, recently posted full wedding vlog  which featured a fair amount of our first dance, featured fair amount first dance  [Safiya] but we weren't able to put the actual music in,  werent able put actual music  because it would get copyright claimed, would get copyright claimed  and then, like, Paramount or Atlas, or whoever like paramount atlas whoever  would claim our entire wedding video. would claim entire wedding video  So we decided to post our first dance by itself decided post first dance  as a little bonus video, here- just in case it gets taken down, little bonus video case gets taken  it's not taking the rest of the wedding vlog down with it. taking rest wedding vlog  So with that,  here is our first dance. first dance  [Tyler] Also, quick preface:  also quick preface  obviously, neither of us are trained or pro-dancers in any way. obviously neither us trained prodancers way  So, please don't roast us, please dont roast us  this was just for fun. fun  [LOUDSPEAKER: Ladies and gentlemen, your bride and groom's first dance together as husband and wife.]   [AUDIENCE: APPLAUSE AND CHEERING]   [MUSIC BEGINS]
Addams Family Values: The Original Orchestral Score
Track #8 - The Tango 
addams family values original orchestral score
track   tango  [MUSIC PLAYING]   [APPLAUSE AND CHEERING]   [Safiya] So that was our first dance.  first dance  I think it went pretty well. think went pretty well  There were a few hiccups, here and there. hiccups  [Tyler] I got a little lost in the moment,  got little lost moment  and went for, like, the second buns-a-rollin' spin, went like second bunsarollin spin  so Saf lost a little momentum on the ground, and had to saf lost little momentum ground  be like, dragged up. But we improvised. 
[Safiya] We made it work. like dragged improvised 
 made work  [Tyler] We made it work . 
[Safiya] As Tim Gunn says.  made work  
 tim gunn says  [Safiya] Overall, it was so much fun learning and performing this dance.  overall much fun learning performing dance  It was definitely one of the highlights of the night for me, definitely one highlights night  and I think our family and friends thought it was fun too. think family friends thought fun  [Tyler] There were a lot of shocked faces.  lot shocked faces  Next up, real knives and real backflips. next real knives real backflips  [CONCERN and FLASHBACKS]   Or not.  [LAUGHTER]   [Safiya] Thank you guys so much for watching,  thank guys much watching  and once again, a huge thank you to our cinematographers, huge thank cinematographers  Amari Productions, for helping us film all of this wedding content. amari productions helping us film wedding content  They did get many an angle of this first dance. get many angle first dance  [Tyler] And another big thank you to the Arthur Murray Studio in Montrose  another big thank arthur murray studio montrose  for helping us learn this dance. helping us learn dance  If you liked that video, make sure to shmash that like button, liked video make sure shmash like button  and if you want to see more videos like this, want see videos like  well, probably not-- not like this. But-- with us in it, well probably like us  [DING]   shmash that subscribe button. shmash subscribe button  A big shout out to Courtney for watching. big shout courtney watching  Thanks for watching, Courtney, and we will see you guys thanks watching courtney see guys  a-next time. anext time  [Safiya] Hello, friends  hello friends  And welcome to our wedding video. That's right, we are no longer engaged! welcome wedding video thats right longer engaged  betrothed or affianced! betrothed affianced  [Tyler] Despite how many times you've said that,  despite many times youve said  [Safiya] We are married,  married  Wedded, matrimonied! wedded matrimonied  [Tyler] Yes we are!  yes  [Safiya] So back in November, we got married, which we may have spoiled in this Instagram post where Tyler is wearing his wedding ring  back november got married may spoiled instagram post tyler wearing wedding ring  [Tyler] Yeah, I think some of you guys might have figured it out.  yeah think guys might figured  [Safiya] And we had so much fun at our wedding  much fun wedding  It was such an incredible night, incredible night  [Tyler] that we really wanted to share it with you guys.  really wanted share guys  -[Safiya] Hence the wedding video, hence. 
- [Tyler] Hence  hence wedding video hence 
  hence  [Safiya] Now we've edited this video to be a little different than like a  weve edited video little different like  traditional wedding highlight video, mostly because we wanted to show you guys the day from our perspective, traditional wedding highlight video mostly wanted show guys day perspective  but also to provide some of our thought process that went into the planning and like the design also provide thought process went planning like design  decisions and stuff, because we had a really great time putting it all together and decisions stuff really great time putting together  choosing all the things. choosing things  [Tyler] Now before we jump in we wanted to say a huge  jump wanted say huge  thank you to our thank  cinematographers, Amari productions, who did an amazing job filming, cinematographers amari productions amazing job filming  [Safiya] and also helping make sure that I didn't pick up a camera all day,  also helping make sure didnt pick camera day  because I was really nervous. I was just gonna like grab one and start filming b-roll of the venue. really nervous gonna like grab one start filming broll venue  [Tyler] Me too   [Safiya] Yeah  yeah  [Tyler] We also want to say thank you to our wedding planner Marnie at So Smitten Special Events,  also want say thank wedding planner marnie smitten special events  who's been unbelievably helpful the last couple of months. whos unbelievably helpful last couple months  [Safiya] There's not a ton of footage of Marnie because she was zipping around doing stuff all night  theres ton footage marnie zipping around stuff night  - But you'll see her here and there. 
- [Tyler] Here and there.  youll see 
   Also, thank you to all of our other vendors as well, for helping make our big day so special. also thank vendors well helping make big day special  [Tyler] So with that, here's what happened on our wedding day.  heres happened wedding day  [Safiya] And I guess the best place to start is with us getting ready in the morning  guess best place start us getting ready morning  I stayed at like a hotel the night before, stayed like hotel night  [Tyler] I was with Crusty... at home  crusty home  [Safiya] So that way the morning of, all of the ladies like involved in the wedding could get their hair and makeup done in  way morning ladies like involved wedding could get hair makeup done  my room. It was kind of poppin'. I had a face mask on for most of it room kind poppin face mask  And then around 10 a.m. Dave and the Amari Productions crew stopped by around  dave amari productions crew stopped  to start filming. All right. Hello. We're getting ready. We're getting ready. We've been getting ready for a few hours actually start filming right hello getting ready getting ready weve getting ready hours actually  There's been a lot of people in and out you guys are here now other people were here earlier theres lot people guys people earlier  [Tyler] You had like a caravan of relatives, I just had the cat.  like caravan relatives cat  [Safiya] But we had my mom got her makeup done. We had Tyler's mom get her makeup done  mom got makeup done tylers mom get makeup done  We had Tyler sister get her makeup done cuz she's the officiant but also because she's Tyler sister and then we also got my bridesmaids tyler sister get makeup done cuz shes officiant also shes tyler sister also got bridesmaids  get their makeup and hair done. Are my bridesmaids here? 
-Yeah. Yeah get makeup hair done bridesmaids 
yeah yeah  Some of them we're at Target a second ago. So I was just checking in target second ago checking  but we have the bridesmaids in the house. We have Kaitlyn somewhere. bridesmaids house kaitlyn somewhere  "Woo" from the distance. [Laughs] A distant woo was heard. woo distance  distant woo heard  Oh also, um, this is my wonderful glam team. I should have started with that. It's okay. This is Kaylee Melissa doing my hair oh also um wonderful glam team started okay kaylee melissa hair  - [Kaylee Melissa] Hi 
- [Safiya] of decade video fame   hi 
  decade video fame  [Laughs]   And this is Yuki who's doing my makeup. yuki whos makeup  [Yuki] Hi!  hi  and I would say in general we're going for kind of like a um, would say general going kind like um  [Ringing] and then [Ringing]    - [Tyler] Who was calling you? 
- [Safiya] No one ever told me. It's just a mystery.   calling 
  one ever told mystery  For the hair, we wanted to go for kind of like hair wanted go kind like  There is a lot going on. lot going  There's a lot of hair. I think my general hair and makeup goal was just to have something that would match the theres lot hair think general hair makeup goal something would match  fantastical meets medieval vibes of my dress and my dad did tell me that I ended up looking like Aragorn's girlfriend fantastical meets medieval vibes dress dad tell ended looking like aragorns girlfriend  So I think we succeeded. think succeeded  We're almost done with my makeup almost done makeup  I think except for the finishing touch the lips where I shall be wearing one of our ColourPop Franken-Lipsticks think except finishing touch lips shall wearing one colourpop frankenlipsticks  [evil laughter]   - Shameless plug it's happening. It's my wedding day. It's fine. No one can tell me no. [Laugh]
- [Tyler] That was, uh, really smooth  shameless plug happening wedding day fine one tell 
  uh really smooth  [Tyler] That was, uh, really smooth.  uh really smooth  [Safiya] I stand by. It my nails also got done not today, but Christine did them yesterday  stand nails also got done today christine yesterday  So it's simplynailogical. There's actually no good b-roll of my simply nails here simplynailogical theres actually good broll simply nails  But there is a shot of me picking Tyler's nose later. So keep an eye out for that. shot picking tylers nose later keep eye  [Tyler] That did happen.  happen  So with my hair and makeup done, hair makeup done  it was time to do like a looking into the mirror for the first time reveal time like looking mirror first time reveal  Which I did not anticipate being so emotional anticipate emotional  because I, I pretty much immediately started crying pretty much immediately started crying  There is a lot of my crying face in this video, so just know that lot crying face video know  [Tyler] Don't worry about it. I cry a lot in this video.  dont worry cry lot video  [Safiya] Okay.  okay  All right. That's not what I expected to do right thats expected  Ok I'm fine! ok im fine  So after my sob sesh sob sesh  We stuffed me into an uber and headed over to our venue the Carondelet House. stuffed uber headed venue carondelet house  [Tyler] Where I had been basically all day  basically day  Okay, so we are here at the Carondelet house, which is our venue okay carondelet house venue  This is like our dude lounge for me and my groomsmen like dude lounge groomsmen  I was supposed to do our first check-in like this at my house and then I got like kind of uh supposed first checkin like house got like kind uh  lost in the fray lost fray  So I had mistakenly go into the Carondelet house first and the cinematographers had correctly go into our house first mistakenly go carondelet house first cinematographers correctly go house first  So when they got to our house, they thought that I had bailed. got house thought bailed  [Safiya] Runaway groom!  runaway groom  [Tyler] I was just overeager!  overeager  But I, I feel like this is fine for us to do a check-in here. feel like fine us checkin  My house is really dirty. Crusty my cat, if you don't know him, has been just dragging litter everywhere house really dirty crusty cat dont know dragging litter everywhere  So it's better than we're here. 
The other dynamic of my morning was that we forgot to give me wedding shoes outright better 
the dynamic morning forgot give wedding shoes outright  So I'm gonna trade shoes with my dad im gonna trade shoes dad  For the ceremony and I had to stuff them with toilet paper just to get them to fit. Hey, you know what? ceremony stuff toilet paper get fit hey know  That's that is gonna help pretty snug now thats gonna help pretty snug  So yeah shoes didn't think about that, but wait back up after those two mini fire drills. My groomsmen started showing up yeah shoes didnt think wait back two mini fire drills groomsmen started showing  This one is Sean one sean  and besides Sean, we also had Ben, Block, my brother-in-law James, and my dad who was actually my best man besides sean also ben block brotherinlaw james dad actually best man  Dad: dun-dun-daa *shoo* dad dundundaa shoo  [Tyler] And once everyone was there, it was time for me to get dressed.  everyone time get dressed  And I wore a black velvet tuxedo jacket. wore black velvet tuxedo jacket  [Dad] Looks great!  looks great  I'm gonna be sweating either way I think im gonna sweating either way think  just cuz you know the vows and all that stuff. There's a lot of lights out there cuz know vows stuff theres lot lights  and then as a finishing touch finishing touch  We have a rare Marnie sighting here. rare marnie sighting  [Safiya] The Marnicle!  marnicle  [Tyler] as I got boutonniered-up.  got boutonnieredup  So that was my wedding look. wedding look  [Safiya] Looking fly  looking fly  [Tyler] Thank you.  thank  Is this "ready to get married"? ready get married  Now while Tyler was downstairs getting dressed I was upstairs tyler downstairs getting dressed upstairs  Hangin with my gang in the bridal suite and I think I'm about to get dressed. I think that's what's on the schedule hangin gang bridal suite think im get dressed think thats whats schedule  So let's do it. Now. I actually needed some assistance to get into my gown because besides being pretty awesome lets actually needed assistance get gown besides pretty awesome  [Tyler] It's so cool  cool  [Safiya] It also ended up being kind of fragile that too and of course classic me as soon as I got into it  also ended kind fragile course classic soon got  [Tyler] That too.   [Safiya] And, of course, classic me, as soon as I got into it  course classic soon got  I started getting teary eyed. started getting teary eyed  I was just blubbering all day. blubbering day  I feel like actually a fair amount of feel like actually fair amount  the audience has seen this dress in muslin form audience seen dress muslin form  We ended up choosing this beaded scalloped patterned fabric ended choosing beaded scalloped patterned fabric  which has kind of like an Art Deco/mermaid feel to it kind like art decomermaid feel  Also, I didn't realize this would happen when I chose the fabric, but the dress is 30 pounds also didnt realize would happen chose fabric dress  pounds  I can't tell that it's 30 pounds cant tell  pounds  of just, like, bead basically just beads like bead basically beads  and though our fabric was heavy and kind of had a mind of its own, though fabric heavy kind mind  I don't regret our choice at all because I really loved how it ended up looking dont regret choice really loved ended looking  Like it's inevitable, but I'm gonna try and not crunch while I walk down the aisle like inevitable im gonna try crunch walk aisle  So after that, we added my finishing touches, like my jewelry. added finishing touches like jewelry  I'm just like where's my ear? Literally where? As well as a gold celestial headpiece. im like wheres ear literally well gold celestial headpiece  As well as a gold celestial headpiece. well gold celestial headpiece  Now Kaylee and I had a really hard time finding" the right one" like we were looking for months kaylee really hard time finding right one like looking months  So she actually ended up making this one herself and it turned out so perfect like she just totally nailed it. She did actually ended making one turned perfect like totally nailed  [Tyler] She did.   [Safiya] All right, so I think I am  right think  generally styled generally styled  downstairs and see Tyler so we decided to do this thing called a first-look which is basically like a moment before the ceremony downstairs see tyler decided thing called firstlook basically like moment ceremony  So we decided to do this thing called a "first-look" decided thing called firstlook  which is basically like a moment before the ceremony basically like moment ceremony  where the bride and the groom bride groom  reveal themselves to each other. reveal  [Tyler] That sounds wrong.  sounds wrong  [Safiya] Mostly to get rid of some nerves but also so you can like start hanging out together and also take some pictures before the ceremony  mostly get rid nerves also like start hanging together also take pictures ceremony  and also take some pictures before the ceremony also take pictures ceremony  I'm ready. im ready  Oh my god oh god  - [Safiya] We are a couple of sad sacks. 
- [Tyler] We're not good at this.   couple sad sacks 
  good  [Safiya] Ready? Whoa  ready whoa  [Tyler] Oh wow  oh wow  [Safiya] We did eventually pull it together.  eventually pull together  [Tyler] We de-blubbered.  deblubbered  [Safiya] It's kind of crazy to me that we remembered so many little things but we forgot your shoes.  kind crazy remembered many little things forgot shoes  [Tyler] To be fair, they're supposed to be on my feet and I didn't even think of them  fair theyre supposed feet didnt even think  [Safiya] So after checking each other out,  checking  The general consensus was that up next, it was photo time. general consensus next photo time  [[SIMPLYNAILOGICAL NAILS SPOT]]   So we took a bunch of photos took bunch photos  both inside the little atrium area where we had the first look and also inside little atrium area first look also  outside the front of the Carondelet house, both with each other and with our bridal party outside front carondelet house bridal party  [Tyler] We had a hard time being serious for these ones Cheers. Hey, hey  hard time serious ones cheers hey hey  Cheers. cheers  Heyheyhey heyheyhey  [Safiya] It's like uh, bey-beyblades??  like uh beybeyblades  [Tyler] Beyblades?? with that that one came out. It's an analogy for marriage. Our photographer. Alex was very patient with us. Yeah  beyblades one came analogy marriage photographer alex patient us yeah  [Safiya] Was that what I'm talking about?  im talking  [Tyler] It's an analogy for marriage.  analogy marriage  [Safiya] Our photographer, Alex was very patient with us.  photographer alex patient us  [Tyler] Yeah he's a cool guy.  yeah hes cool guy  [Safiya] Its like the tops that fight each other. I think its beyblades!  like tops fight think beyblades  [Tyler] Yeah, ok.  yeah ok  [Safiya] We'll look it up.  well look  So we filmed this next portion of the video as like the last thing we did before the guests started arriving filmed next portion video like last thing guests started arriving  mostly to quell my own nerves because I really wanted to get footage of everything and I was mostly quell nerves really wanted get footage everything  irrationally nervous that we wouldn't. So we did like a tour for you guys of the whole venue irrationally nervous wouldnt like tour guys whole venue  But just a heads-up, it wasn't 100% set up yet. headsup wasnt  set yet  Now our general wedding theme was "A starry night." general wedding theme starry night  So we had a lot of stars and moons and twinkle lights going on lot stars moons twinkle lights going  However, because of the rooms near the entrance of the Carondelet house are already however rooms near entrance carondelet house already  pretty decorated in like a vintage manner style, pretty decorated like vintage manner style  we reserved most of the celestial trimmings for the back reserved celestial trimmings back  of the house and left this stuff up here kind of as it was house left stuff kind  And we were kind of thinking of it almost like a Narnia kind thinking almost like narnia  situation where these front rooms were like the professor's house, situation front rooms like professors house  and then as you venture deeper into the building, venture deeper building  there was more magic afoot. magic afoot  We choose an espresso martini because it's brown like Crusty, and also because it's very caffeinated. choose espresso martini brown like crusty also caffeinated  [Tyler] Kind of like a classy Four Loko.  kind like classy four loko  [Safiya] Moving on from the front foyers,  moving front foyers  there was this little hallway in between the front of the house and the back of the house little hallway front house back house  So we decided to deck it out and make it like the entrance to Narnia decided deck make like entrance narnia  And these hanging stars were actually our escort cards. So people could figure out where they were sitting for dinner after that hanging stars actually escort cards people could figure sitting dinner  There was the First Look atrium, Tyler's little lounge situation, first look atrium tylers little lounge situation  and then we had our main ceremony space, which I would say is the room main ceremony space would say room  we tried to deck-out the most. tried deckout  The other reason I wanted to have this cloudy sky backdrop, was that in this main room, reason wanted cloudy sky backdrop main room  they actually have like a big non-removable mirror in the back, actually like big nonremovable mirror back  which I just wasn't sure we wanted as like such a strong focal point of the ceremony. wasnt sure wanted like strong focal point ceremony  And then finally, we had this back atrium where our photo booth was gonna go. finally back atrium photo booth gonna go  Which had like this cool, old-timey moon as the centerpiece. like cool oldtimey moon centerpiece  And with our photo booth area visited, photo booth area visited  that concluded our tour. After that, it was time for all of us to go hide upstairs in the bridal suite, concluded tour time us go hide upstairs bridal suite  because our guests were starting to arrive. guests starting arrive  [Tyler] All right so,  right  [Tyler] No, this is not a bit.  bit  - [Both] Kaylee has super glue! 
- [Tyler] There you go. Jinx, but uh, yeah. No, let's do that   kaylee super glue 
  go jinx uh yeah lets  [Safiya] There was just so much going on with Tyler's shoes.  much going tylers shoes  I think maybe that was like our Charlotte and Harry moment, like from Sex in the City. Like little things think maybe like charlotte harry moment like sex city like little things  have to go wrong at your wedding. go wrong wedding  [Tyler] But after gluing my soles together and a few final to-do's,  gluing soles together final todos  [Safiya] It was pretty much time to make it official-- like official-official.  pretty much time make official like officialofficial  [Tyler] All right. They were just about to walk in  right walk  I'm walking down with my niece and my mom so we'll see how it goes. I'm definitely feeling some butterflies, but we got this. im walking niece mom well see goes im definitely feeling butterflies got  [Safiya] Now, as we mentioned earlier,  mentioned earlier  Tyler's sister was our officiant, tylers sister officiant  so she was our first person down the aisle. Then we had Tyler, Tyler's mom, and baby Ellie. Then we had the whole bridal party first person aisle tyler tylers mom baby ellie whole bridal party  [Tyler] looking spiffy  looking spiffy  [Safiya] And then it was finally my turn to walk down the aisle.  finally turn walk aisle  [Officiant] Welcome everyone. Please have a seat.  welcome everyone please seat  I know everyone is as excited as I am to be gathered here in LA to celebrate the marriage of Safiya and Tyler. know everyone excited gathered la celebrate marriage safiya tyler  [Safiya] Now we're actually gonna keep a lot of the ceremony and like most of our vows off of the internet. We wrote them ourselves  actually gonna keep lot ceremony like vows internet wrote  They're kind of mushy. We cried, we laughed, Tyler called himself a dingus. theyre kind mushy cried laughed tyler called dingus  [Tyler] "So if you really want to marry this dingus,  really want marry dingus  let's do it." lets  [Tyler] It's what I wanted to say  wanted say  originally when I proposed, so I had to work it in. originally proposed work  [Safiya] My vows were kind of all over the place,  vows kind place  I talked about zombies for a while-- talked zombies  [Tyler] that was actually pretty relevant to our early relationship--  actually pretty relevant early relationship  [Safiya] I exposed some of our intimate secrets--  exposed intimate secrets  [Tyler] Yeah, you did--  yeah  [Safiya] "And I will pop your pimples even when they are in unspeakable crevices  pop pimples even unspeakable crevices  [Tyler] "Aw!"  aw  [Safiya] But they were good, I think!  good think  [Tyler] I loved them.  loved  [Safiya] Besides all of that,  besides  we did actually want to show you guys this one thing that we brought to the ceremony actually want show guys one thing brought ceremony  [Officiant] "Safiya and Tyler have chosen to affirm their love by the lighting of a unity candle  safiya tyler chosen affirm love lighting unity candle  this candle is actually made by Safiya and Tyler last year while filming a video for their YouTube channel, candle actually made safiya tyler last year filming video youtube channel  and is called their Franken-candle." called frankencandle  [Safiya] Now when our wedding planner asked us if we wanted to do a  wedding planner asked us wanted  unity candle, we knew that we had the perfect candle for the job, unity candle knew perfect candle job  so we had to do it.  [Safiya] "Also I'm sorry guys if it smells like blueberry pancakes in here.  also im sorry guys smells like blueberry pancakes  - It's the candle, not me " 
- [Tyler] "It's a dominant scent." 
- [Safiya] "Yeah, it's a dominant scent."  candle  
  dominant scent 
  yeah dominant scent  So after that  We cried a little more cried little  We did the whole ring thing, whole ring thing  - [Tyler] And you know, the actual marriage part-- 
- [Safiya] And then,   know actual marriage part 
   [Officiant] "By the power vested in me,  power vested  I pronounce you as a newly married couple! You may kiss each other." pronounce newly married couple may kiss  [Safiya] And that was our ceremony  ceremony  [Safiya] We were married.  married  [Tyler] We're still married.  still married  [Safiya] We're married!  married  [Tyler] There you go.  go  Alright so, alright  How was that? Did I cry too much, you think? cry much think  [Safiya] No I don't think you cried too much.  dont think cried much  - [Tyler] No? 
- [Safiya] No.   
   I thought we got through our vows pretty well pretty well. I do. thought got vows pretty well pretty well  [Tyler] Pretty well! We had a nice guest appearance by Ellie here and there  pretty well nice guest appearance ellie  [Safiya] "Well-timed! Well-timed!"  welltimed welltimed  [Tyler] But I overall I thought I thought it went great.  overall thought thought went great  [Safiya] It's probably stinking up the place right now.  probably stinking place right  [Tyler] It's probably going to turn everyone's appetite off.  probably going turn everyones appetite  Are you ok? ok  A lil still emotional? Ok. lil still emotional ok  Ok! Let's go take some pictures! ok lets go take pictures  Newly married couple. newly married couple  - [Safiya] Oh, mine's like totally off center. 
- [Tyler] Yeah. 
- [Safiya] We'll figure it out. 
- [Tyler] We'll figure it out.   oh mines like totally center 
  yeah 
  well figure 
  well figure  [Safiya] So after that, we had to take some family pics before the sun set  take family pics sun set  [Tyler] and then we went into cocktail hour.  went cocktail hour  [Safiya] Now while everyone was in the front foyers for Crustinis and appetizers,  everyone front foyers crustinis appetizers  The ceremony space in the back was actually getting flipped into our dinner space, ceremony space back actually getting flipped dinner space  [Tyler] Oooooooh yeeaah.  oooooooh yeeaah  [Tyler] looks pretty incredible. Wow!  looks pretty incredible wow  [Safiya] which we got to get a little peek of.  got get little peek  For our dinner tables, we have like gray velvet tablecloths with black and gold flatware and plates dinner tables like gray velvet tablecloths black gold flatware plates  and also little like personalized moons to designate where everyone was sitting. also little like personalized moons designate everyone sitting  And for our centerpieces, we had a variety of centerpieces variety  antiquey vampy library paraphernalia. Like Beauty and the Beast style terrariums, antiquey vampy library paraphernalia like beauty beast style terrariums  vintage looking books, and mossy florals. vintage looking books mossy florals  Yes yes  And then we had our sweetheart table at the front of the room sweetheart table front room  Which had more of those mossy flowers as well as a lot of black candles. mossy flowers well lot black candles  But dinner time was quickly approaching. dinner time quickly approaching  [Tyler] So after everyone took their seats, we and our bridal party did like our grand entrance thing.  everyone took seats bridal party like grand entrance thing  [DJ] Please help me with a huge round of applause as we welcome in our newly married couple! Give it up for Safiya and Tyler!  please help huge round applause welcome newly married couple give safiya tyler  [Safiya] I think sometimes people plan stuff for their entrances, but we kind of forgot so everyone just did their own thing  think sometimes people plan stuff entrances kind forgot everyone thing  - [Safiya] I think they might have spilled like directly onto simplybenlogical's head. 
- [Tyler] Sorry about that Ben.   think might spilled like directly onto simplybenlogicals head 
  sorry ben  [Safiya] But anyway after a little dinner and doing the rounds saying hi to everyone, we were onto the toast portion of the evening  anyway little dinner rounds saying hi everyone onto toast portion evening  Starting with Tyler's dad. starting tylers dad  [Tyler's Dad] Now I am extremely honored to have had Tyler asked me to be the best man so I could give a toast but interestingly enough,  extremely honored tyler asked best man could give toast interestingly enough  this is not the first time I've given a toast at a wedding of Tyler and Safiya. Now as we all know first time ive given toast wedding tyler safiya know  because we are all loyal subscribers loyal subscribers  and we all "shamash" the like button and we "shamash" the subscribe button, shamash like button shamash subscribe button  [Safiya]  I don't know why everyone's laughing. I mean, I hope they're all subscribed   dont know everyones laughing mean hope theyre subscribed  [Tyler's Dad] They had a wedding in Hong Kong this summer and at that wedding, I gave a very impromptu toast  wedding hong kong summer wedding gave impromptu toast  which was not very good. Safiya was very kind and she said and I quote." Well, that wasn't half bad." good safiya kind said quote well wasnt half bad  No, it was all bad trust me it was really bad, in fact it wasn't even close to the best toast bad trust really bad fact wasnt even close best toast  That was given that day given day  The best toast was from our Hong Kong hosts Thomas and Winkle and it was best toast hong kong hosts thomas winkle  "Apple. Apple, May your hearts be joined as an apple." apple apple may hearts joined apple  So, I'm extremely happy to have a im extremely happy  chance to take a mulligan and redo and see if I can at least get to the level of Thomas and Winkle. chance take mulligan redo see least get level thomas winkle  [Tyler] Now, we're not gonna put his whole speech here  gonna put whole speech  But I do think he did a great job with his toast definitely got some of the emotional stuff in there. think great job toast definitely got emotional stuff  [Safiya] But I think he was also able to like bring a lot of different things into the mix  think also able like bring lot different things mix  like our MacDonald's wedding, promoting our channel, Shakespeare. like macdonalds wedding promoting channel shakespeare  [Tyler's Dad] Because as we all know, loyal subscribers and viewers, Safiya is a big fan of Shakespeare.  know loyal subscribers viewers safiya big fan shakespeare  [Safiya] We got some Henry V, a little Tempest.  got henry v little tempest  [Tyler] And he really got the crowd going.  really got crowd going  [Safiya] Now my dad gave the second toast and as you can probably tell by his guitar he also played a song  dad gave second toast probably tell guitar also played song  [Safiya's Dad] Let me just say a few words about  let say words  Safiya and Tyler. Of course, I have two really wonderful children. And now I have Tyler as one more guy safiya tyler course two really wonderful children tyler one guy  so we're very happy about that. He's not really much of a speech guy happy hes really much speech guy  [Safiya] He's not really much of a speech guy.  hes really much speech guy  I would say, but I think he did a great job would say think great job  [Tyler] Yeah, I loved it!  yeah loved  [Safiya] And after that he and my brother played a little cover of Yesterday by the Beatles, but with altered lyrics.  brother played little cover yesterday beatles altered lyrics  [Safiya's Dad] I'll start by making an apology to Sir Paul McCartney  ill start making apology sir paul mccartney  because we could gonna mess up one of his beautiful songs, but could gonna mess one beautiful songs  We'll do what we can. well  [Safiya] my dad actually used to be in a Beatles cover band in the 60s in Denmark  dad actually used beatles cover band  denmark  And I think it's been a little while since he's picked up a guitar think little since hes picked guitar  But recently he and my brother have been like jamming. recently brother like jamming  Unfortunately, we can't actually play their song for you guys because it would get copyright claimed unfortunately cant actually play song guys would get copyright claimed  but it was really sweet and I completely lost it. Basically. really sweet completely lost basically  [DJ] Yes, one more round of applause!  yes one round applause  For the father and brother of the bride father brother bride  [Safiya] Now before we could really let loose, as some of you may know,  could really let loose may know  we did have this whole change into a black wedding dress whole change black wedding dress  choreographed first dance thing on the docket. choreographed first dance thing docket  So after the toasts we had to run upstairs because I had to get changed in like five minutes toasts run upstairs get changed like five minutes  [Safiya] Yes we are in the middle of a costume change  yes middle costume change  The MVP right now. mvp right  cuz Yuki's touching me up. cuz yukis touching  [Safiya] I really was a mess.  really mess  And besides Yuki trying to salvage my face and a little bit of a lipstick change, besides yuki trying salvage face little bit lipstick change  Hayley was also pulling my hair back for partying purposes. hayley also pulling hair back partying purposes  [Tyler] More aerodynamic.  aerodynamic  [Safiya] And she replaced my crown with some cosmic pins on the back of my head for like a Milky Way  replaced crown cosmic pins back head like milky way  but made of hair look. And once we had at that in order, made hair look order  and once I was fully spruced we headed down to the dance floor because it was time to tango. fully spruced headed dance floor time tango  So our first dance was actually a recreation of the tango scene from The Addams Family Values. first dance actually recreation tango scene addams family values  Now, unfortunately, that music is also copyrighted unfortunately music also copyrighted  so we can't actually play it for you, but we did spend a few months learning this routine neither of us are dancers cant actually play spend months learning routine neither us dancers  Neither of us are dancers, so please be gentle with us neither us dancers please gentle us  but we thought it would be fun to do like a thought would fun like  performance situation and in addition to the choreo if there were some props some audience participation performance situation addition choreo props audience participation  Some toreador-ing and some sleight of hand toreadoring sleight hand  I think I pulled that off as well as this whole move where Tyler like spins me around on my butt think pulled well whole move tyler like spins around butt  Which may or may not be called the buns are rolling. None of our guests really knew exactly what we were going to do may may called buns rolling none guests really knew exactly going  So I was pretty pleased that we were able to surprise them with this pretty pleased able surprise  After that in quick succession we cut our cake which was sadly not the Franken cake, but was this beautiful quick succession cut cake sadly franken cake beautiful  All-black cake that may or may not stain your mouth. We did like the father-daughter mother-son allblack cake may may stain mouth like fatherdaughter motherson  dances, and also like a giant group photo dances also like giant group photo  And then we checked in one final time, all right, so we just did our first dance and our cake-cutting checked one final time right first dance cakecutting  Yes, a lot of things just happen. We're both kind of sweaty yes lot things happen kind sweaty  Tyler's teeth are a little bit black are my lips also red everything everything, but it's like purple tylers teeth little bit black lips also red everything everything like purple  I was super super nervous for the dance. Yes. I think that all things considered we did a pretty good job super super nervous dance yes think things considered pretty good job  Yes yes  I think there were like a couple hiccups here and there I went for the second but to roll in spin on the ground think like couple hiccups went second roll spin ground  We'll have to film a dance practice video. So people can see the full buns are rolling. I think what we recovered well film dance practice video people see full buns rolling think recovered  Yes, I got angry yes got angry  Yeah an entire look dragged me up yeah entire look dragged  but it worked and we're going to do it and we got the kiss and I think I got the knife in my mouth at worked going got kiss think got knife mouth  The right time that was fun. I thought I also have never done it with the lighter and right time fun thought also never done lighter  Good thing that didn't happen. I think it's time for us to party and have fun good thing didnt happen think time us party fun  Let's do it. After that. The rest of the night was mostly just partying. We hit up that sick lets rest night mostly partying hit sick  Good night moon photobooth good night moon photobooth  Even though Tyler's mouth was still a little purple and then we just like broke it down on the dance floor even though tylers mouth still little purple like broke dance floor  Would you say we tore it up? would say tore  Yes yes  There was just like an endless stream of go to wedding songs a little shout a little journey a little Britney and then we finished like endless stream go wedding songs little shout little journey little britney finished  Off the night with some dancing queen night dancing queen  Which is always a solid choice and we were just really happy that everyone was there and we just had a really good time. So always solid choice really happy everyone really good time  That was our wedding wedding  Oh also one last thing when I threw the bouquet I accidentally hit one of our editors Claire in the face oh also one last thing threw bouquet accidentally hit one editors claire face  But she has assured us that she still had fun. So we're all good on that front a huge. Thank you to everyone assured us still fun good front huge thank everyone  Who came to our wedding as well as everyone who was involved. I've put everyone's links in the description below came wedding well everyone involved ive put everyones links description  So make sure to check them out. And yeah, that's the gist of it TL DW were married make sure check yeah thats gist tl dw married  We're married pound it. Hell. Yeah. Oh, you hear the rings little click? There was a little click. Yeah married pound hell yeah oh hear rings little click little click yeah  Thank you guys so much for watching thank guys much watching  if you like that video make sure to smash that like button and if you want to see more videos like this sort of like like video make sure smash like button want see videos like sort like  This not really like this. Make sure to smash that subscribe button a beach out to Jade for watching really like make sure smash subscribe button beach jade watching  Thanks for watching Jade and we will see you guys thanks watching jade see guys  A-next time anext time  Hello friends, and welcome to another video. hello friends welcome another video  This week, I'm gonna be getting a custom black wedding dress. week im gonna getting custom black wedding dress  Y'all can stop tweeting me now. It's happening! yall stop tweeting happening  Now, as some of you might know, I am engaged, betrothed, affianced, might know engaged betrothed affianced  and a few months ago we went shopping for my wedding dress months ago went shopping wedding dress  and we ended up picking out a really amazing gown, with some pretty epic medieval sleeves. ended picking really amazing gown pretty epic medieval sleeves  "Look at that sleeve Ty!" look sleeve ty  With a couple of details still left up in the air, like the fabric and the final fit, couple details still left air like fabric final fit  but we said "Sure to the frock". said sure frock  And that dress is still gonna be my wedding dress dress still gonna wedding dress  but, for a while I've been teasing the idea of doing a White Swan/Black Swan moment, ive teasing idea white swanblack swan moment  and having a second dress that I can change into for the party portion of the evening. second dress change party portion evening  So that is what we're gonna be working on now. gonna working  The Odile dress, if you will, or the Mila Kunis one. odile dress mila kunis one  Unless you think she's just a figment of Natalie Portman's imagination. unless think shes figment natalie portmans imagination  That movie came out in 2010, I don't know why I'm still talking about it. movie came  dont know im still talking  Now the first question some of you may be asking is "Why do you want a black wedding dress at all?" first question may asking want black wedding dress  Well, I wear a lot of black. well wear lot black  It started off as like a theater kid, stagehand thing. started like theater kid stagehand thing  Yes, I was a theater kid. No one is surprised. yes theater kid one surprised  And that predilection has now taken over my life, and closet, entirely. predilection taken life closet entirely  So, a black wedding dress is definitely in my wheelhouse. black wedding dress definitely wheelhouse  In fact, some of you were surprised when I chose a white dress at all. fact surprised chose white dress  Now, my line of thinking this whole time has been like... line thinking whole time like  "If there's one occasion in my life to wear a white gown, this is it!" theres one occasion life wear white gown  And I really love the Juliet dress that we chose, as well as the fabric we ended up picking out for it. really love juliet dress chose well fabric ended picking  However, unintentionally, the fabric we settled on is gonna end up being pretty heavy and a bit fragile. however unintentionally fabric settled gonna end pretty heavy bit fragile  And, for some insider info, Tyler and I are planning a somewhat intricate, choreographed first dance. insider info tyler planning somewhat intricate choreographed first dance  So I pretty much definitely need some kind of second dress to boogie in. pretty much definitely need kind second dress boogie  So I thought, why not a black one? thought black one  The second question you guys may have is "Why custom?" second question guys may custom  Now, there are a lot of black gowns, like, out there in the world, lot black gowns like world  but when it comes to choosing a second wedding dress, comes choosing second wedding dress  I kind of want something that would both complement the first dress stylistically, kind want something would complement first dress stylistically  but also not upstage it or downstage it too much. also upstage downstage much  So kind of a tall order. kind tall order  But thankfully, through our shopping process for our first dress, thankfully shopping process first dress  we were able to meet the designer of it, Stephanie White, of Odylyne the Ceremony. able meet designer stephanie white odylyne ceremony  And when she heard I was looking for a black wedding dress to complement our Juliet gown, heard looking black wedding dress complement juliet gown  she was intrigued. And she thought it could be really fun to work on something custom together. intrigued thought could really fun work something custom together  So I said "yes" to working on a custom dress, and thus began our journey. said yes working custom dress thus began journey  So to start off, we hopped on an initial FaceTime call with Stephanie to kind of game plan. start hopped initial facetime call stephanie kind game plan  -Alright, hi Stephanie! alright hi stephanie  -How are you?  -Doin' okay doin okay  So leading up to this call, I had started pinning stuff to a shared Pinterest board leading call started pinning stuff shared pinterest board  as well as sharing Stephanie on our general wedding one, well sharing stephanie general wedding one  just so she could get a feel for the vibe we were going for. could get feel vibe going  Now, our general wedding theme has kind of evolved a little bit. general wedding theme kind evolved little bit  Initially I was describing it as A Midsummer Night's Dream, in autumn, initially describing midsummer nights dream autumn  with kind of like Christmas lights and exposed brick, kind like christmas lights exposed brick  but it's sort of grown into more of a Starry Night concept, sort grown starry night concept  as we've added a lot of decor with moravian stars, moons, and twinkly accents. weve added lot decor moravian stars moons twinkly accents  I've, like, pinned a bunch of, like, celestial patterned fabrics. ive like pinned bunch like celestial patterned fabrics  Um, I don't know if there's, like, that possibility out there. um dont know theres like possibility  So most of the dresses I was gravitating towards were more on the whimsical side, dresses gravitating towards whimsical side  with, like, beading or sheer layers, like beading sheer layers  you know, just things that had some etherealness to them. know things etherealness  There's also a fair amount of these sleeves that are, like, almost like the opposite of a bell, theres also fair amount sleeves like almost like opposite bell  where they're almost like, they're poofy and, then they cinch at the wrist. theyre almost like theyre poofy cinch wrist  So those are super cool also, super cool also  So with some of my ideas out of my head and onto Pinterest, ideas head onto pinterest  the next question was how we were gonna turn those pins into a dress. next question gonna turn pins dress  -What is our plan of attack? plan attack  So our next meeting would be in person next meeting would person  to see some of these sketched out silhouette options that Stephanie had cooked up from our conversation see sketched silhouette options stephanie cooked conversation  and then choose one of them. choose one  -That sounds perfect. sounds perfect  -So, I will see you... next week. see next week  -All right. See you soon. right see soon  -Bye! bye  Now joining us for our sketch reviewing session was Christy Baird, joining us sketch reviewing session christy baird  who some of you may remember as the owner of LOHO Bride who helped us pick out our first dress, may remember owner loho bride helped us pick first dress  and was also the one who linked us up with Stephanie in the first place, also one linked us stephanie first place  and we were all gonna be taking a gander at three different silhouette options. gonna taking gander three different silhouette options  So here is look one, which, we talked about sleeves, 'cause we know you're sleeve girl. look one talked sleeves cause know youre sleeve girl  Yeah, I am. I'm a sleeve lady. yeah im sleeve lady  Look 1 is a generally fitted silhouette that hugs the abdomen and then starts to flare out below the hip look  generally fitted silhouette hugs abdomen starts flare hip  with sheer poufy sleeves and a plunging deep V at the cleave (cleavage) point. sheer poufy sleeves plunging deep v cleave  point  -Something to show off a little of chest hair. Just a little bit. something show little chest hair little bit  (Laughter)   Look 2 is somewhat similar to look one look  somewhat similar look one  in that the sleeves are also sheer and voluminous and cinched at the bottom. sleeves also sheer voluminous cinched bottom  I feel like both of them have this, like, cool, like, gathered-ness, feel like like cool like gatheredness  which I really like really like  But instead of being fitted, Look 2 has some shearing at the waist to provide more of an a-line skirt. instead fitted look  shearing waist provide aline skirt  It also has a deep V, but it's covered by a high necked sheer overlay, also deep v covered high necked sheer overlay  sort of similar to these looks that Stephanie's designed. sort similar looks stephanies designed  Look 3 is very different from the other two. look  different two  -Wow wow  This one is giving you that whole one giving whole  princess, fairytale vibe. princess fairytale vibe  -Yeah yeah  This design is off the shoulder with a notch neckline and an a-line skirt. design shoulder notch neckline aline skirt  And there's that sleeve detail theres sleeve detail  Playing off of these dresses that I had pinned playing dresses pinned  and also this one that I tried on way back when, at LOHO, and liked, but didn't end up picking. also one tried way back loho liked didnt end picking  It would definitely give some drama, like they would definetly fly around a little bit, for sure. would definitely give drama like would definetly fly around little bit sure  And honestly, after seeing them, I thought that all three of these sketches were really awesome honestly seeing thought three sketches really awesome  and did hit a lot of the things that I had initially been pin-trested in. (heh-heh-heh) hit lot things initially pintrested   But I had to make a choice, and right off the bat, I had a couple of concerns with option number 3. make choice right bat couple concerns option number   Specifically, that it would not really solve our problem of needing a more practical dress for dancing purposes. specifically would really solve problem needing practical dress dancing purposes  With both the off the shoulder being restrictive to my upper arm mobility, shoulder restrictive upper arm mobility  -A lot of my girls that do off the shoulder, do it for ceremony, 'cause they want the photos lot girls shoulder ceremony cause want photos  Not a lot of people going the other way. lot people going way  as well as the cape sleeve situation, that I so loved, potentially getting in the way. well cape sleeve situation loved potentially getting way  -Like you might be like twirling through your own sleeve like might like twirling sleeve  -That might happen regardless, but, like, I feel like, let's not make it harder for me might happen regardless like feel like lets make harder  So we decided to nix dress number 3. decided nix dress number   Which left us with options 1 & 2. left us options     Now, the differences between these sketches mainly come down to the neckline, differences sketches mainly come neckline  of which dress 2's is quite high. dress  quite high  -I'm nervous about, like, this kind of thing... im nervous like kind thing  -Getting covered? getting covered  -Yeah, I don't know, not... getting covered. But I'm worried about like... I don't know somethin'. yeah dont know getting covered im worried like dont know somethin  -Well, in dancing too. On the flip side... are you gonna be warm with something up this high? well dancing flip side gonna warm something high  And besides any potential double chinning, the sheer overlay would also obscure the deep V, besides potential double chinning sheer overlay would also obscure deep v  which I actually thought could be a good idea to highlight, because it would mirror the neckline of my other dress. actually thought could good idea highlight would mirror neckline dress  So we'd have that kind of continuity going. wed kind continuity going  Now, between the two skirt silhouettes, I usually favor more flowy ones, two skirt silhouettes usually favor flowy ones  but I was actually surprisingly drawn to the more snug style. actually surprisingly drawn snug style  -I'm down for that. I could be up open to a booty moment. im could open booty moment  Absolutely, you see the booty hump absolutely see booty hump  -So between these two which one feels like the front-runner? two one feels like frontrunner  So, all things considered, I would say that style number 1 has that practicality for dancing, things considered would say style number  practicality dancing  with some dramatic flair, without things flying around, dramatic flair without things flying around  so it seemed like the perfect choice. seemed like perfect choice  -Weirdly, I can't say that I, like, knew that this dress existed, but I feel like this was kind of in my head. weirdly cant say like knew dress existed feel like kind head  So we decided to go with that one. decided go one  -Amazing! Okay, this is good, I'm excited. amazing okay good im excited  And the next step after choosing our silhouette next step choosing silhouette  was to have Stephanie's pattern maker whip up a muslin version of our dress for me to actually try on. stephanies pattern maker whip muslin version dress actually try  -Alright... alright  so we are here, back again, at Loho bride, back loho bride  and today we're gonna be meeting up with Stephanie and her pattern maker, Rita, today gonna meeting stephanie pattern maker rita  to take a little "sneak peek" at the muslin of the black reception dress. take little sneak peek muslin black reception dress  Now, a muslin is essentially, like, a prototype version of a dress muslin essentially like prototype version dress  that you can use to finalize the pattern before you make it in the final fabric. use finalize pattern make final fabric  -I can't wait to get into it. cant wait get  So I popped into the dressing room to see how it was looking. popped dressing room see looking  For just a rough draft, I honestly thought the dress looked pretty spooktacular. rough draft honestly thought dress looked pretty spooktacular  And I think a lot of the details that we had focused on in the sketch were looking good IRL. think lot details focused sketch looking good irl  I like this shape and I love the sheer sleeves and the V. like shape love sheer sleeves v  I like a lot of things! like lot things  Yeah! I'm so happy about that, because I like a lot of things too. yeah im happy like lot things  Stephanie and Rita had some standard fit alterations they wanted to make. stephanie rita standard fit alterations wanted make  You feelin' rock and roll? feelin rock roll  Definitely! definitely  So they pinned me up in a variety of locations. pinned variety locations  That is correct! correct  For my part, I only felt like we needed to make small tinkers to the silhouette, part felt like needed make small tinkers silhouette  like making the waistband more narrow and maybe exaggerating the sleeves slightly. like making waistband narrow maybe exaggerating sleeves slightly  So I told them to really go for it in terms of sleeve poofiness. told really go terms sleeve poofiness  Yeah, go big and then go home. yeah go big go home  The other thing that we needed to adjust was the length of the skirt. thing needed adjust length skirt  I wanted to make sure that we couldn't see too much of my shoes from underneath the dress, wanted make sure couldnt see much shoes underneath dress  So I'm wearing, like, straight up, like, jazz shoes for, like, dancing purposes... im wearing like straight like jazz shoes like dancing purposes  But at the moment, there was a beautiful full-on train behind me, moment beautiful fullon train behind  And unfortunately, I think it had to go for the sake of our tango unfortunately think go sake tango  Yeah, I don't think we can have any train. Otherwise, I think I'm gonna trip on it. yeah dont think train otherwise think im gonna trip  Yeah, or he's gonna trip on it. yeah hes gonna trip  Someone's gonna trip on it! someones gonna trip  But besides those tweaks, we were fired up for our frock. besides tweaks fired frock  Awesome! awesome  I like it! Yeah I really... like yeah really  I don't just like it, I love it! dont like love  And with our final silhouette within reach, it was time to pick our fabric. final silhouette within reach time pick fabric  Spirit fingers, I guess. I don't know! spirit fingers guess dont know  Now, originally, Stephanie had thought that something like a black velvet could be good for our gown, originally stephanie thought something like black velvet could good gown  and she had actually found a couple of Swatches of different Velvets, actually found couple swatches different velvets  that she showed us on our sketch reviewing day. showed us sketch reviewing day  I keep petting this one. I feel like these feels like... keep petting one feel like feels like  You're gonna get petted. youre gonna get petted  I know, know  However, we had already chosen a velvet tuxedo jacket for Tyler's wedding outfit however already chosen velvet tuxedo jacket tylers wedding outfit  and I was kind of nervous about clashing. kind nervous clashing  So we took her swatches to Tyler's tux place to compare, and none of them really matched. took swatches tylers tux place compare none really matched  Yeah, I feel like, unless it matches perfectly, it's not gonna make sense. yeah feel like unless matches perfectly gonna make sense  Yeah, yeah  No, I can't. cant  And with velvet more or less nixed, Stephanie suggested that we all go fabric shopping together velvet less nixed stephanie suggested go fabric shopping together  so we could see a lot of different black fabric options in one go and then make our choice. could see lot different black fabric options one go make choice  So we met up one afternoon with two fabric stores on our itinerary: Rag Finders and Mood. met one afternoon two fabric stores itinerary rag finders mood  Alright... alright  So we are here at Rag Finders in downtown LA, ready to search for some fabric for our dress. rag finders downtown la ready search fabric dress  Basically, Rag Finders is like a deadstock fabric emporium, basically rag finders like deadstock fabric emporium  which means that all of these fabrics are, like, no longer in production. means fabrics like longer production  They've ended up here and they will not be making any more of them. theyve ended making  I swear I have a dress from Urban Outfitters from this fabric. This could be that fabric swear dress urban outfitters fabric could fabric  So if you find something that you like, grab it and run! find something like grab run  Well... pay first. But yes, grab it, pay, and then run. well pay first yes grab pay run  So I'm gonna be meeting Stephanie here im gonna meeting stephanie  as well as Sarah, who works at Rag Finders, who's going to be helping us... well sarah works rag finders whos going helping us  Explore. Adventure. Quest. explore adventure quest  Navigate! Navigate is a good word navigate navigate good word  She's gonna be helping us navigate this place. shes gonna helping us navigate place  I can hear them on the, uh, on the mics. It said, "did we lose them?" hear uh mics said lose  A little bit. little bit  A little bit! little bit  Because it's large and labyrinthy. large labyrinthy  You could see me holding my eyeballs in my hands. I dunno. could see holding eyeballs hands dunno  In all seriousness though, Rag Finders is super cool. seriousness though rag finders super cool  And there are a lot of hidden gems there lot hidden gems  Look at this blue camo print! I could make you a pair of joggers out of that. You'll look like one of the cheetah girls. look blue camo print could make pair joggers youll look like one cheetah girls  And we decided to start our expedition in the lace room upstairs. decided start expedition lace room upstairs  Through a crevasse! crevasse  In terms of laces, we were looking for something with a semi gothic vibe without looking too tableclothy or too floral. terms laces looking something semi gothic vibe without looking tableclothy floral  You got to do this with all the fabric, so I can kind of see them. got fabric kind see  You can just cocoon me inside of them! cocoon inside  So cobwebs were in. cobwebs  I like it cuz it's kind of spider webby. And it's pretty geometric, which I also like a lot. like cuz kind spider webby pretty geometric also like lot  It's kind of wicked! kind wicked  But fruits were out. fruits  Yeah, you're right. And it does look like a pineapple! yeah youre right look like pineapple  Pineapples just make me think of Fibonacci numbers, which makes me think of sixth-grade math. pineapples make think fibonacci numbers makes think sixthgrade math  And Stephanie also wanted a fabric with some heft to it. stephanie also wanted fabric heft  I don't like... Yeah, no. I don't think so. It's not thick enough for me. dont like yeah dont think thick enough  We need a... we need a beefy fabric here! need need beefy fabric  Where's the beef? wheres beef  And after pulling a fair amount of fabric rolls out of the depths... pulling fair amount fabric rolls depths  I don't know how to get in there... dont know get  and then having to put them back where we found them... put back found  I'm like jousting! Put 'em up Ty! I'm jousting with you. im like jousting put em ty im jousting  We gathered a few possible lace options, and then decided to head over to another part of the store. gathered possible lace options decided head another part store  All right. Squeeze, suck it in. squeeze it. right squeeze suck squeeze  Suck it in. A metaphor for putting on Spanx! suck metaphor putting spanx  But on our way over there, Sarah did spot one last lace. way sarah spot one last lace  Now, our first dress fabric is a beaded scalloped pattern with ever-so-slight art deco vibes. first dress fabric beaded scalloped pattern eversoslight art deco vibes  So I had kind of been keeping half an eye out for scalloped patterns in the lace room. kind keeping half eye scalloped patterns lace room  Wait, this one's actually awesome! This one's kind of really awesome! wait ones actually awesome ones kind really awesome  This is really awesome! really awesome  So Sarah had done good. sarah done good  Good find! good find  Sarah is the Bane of fabric stories. sarah bane fabric stories  (in a mediocre Bane voice) I was born in the fabric store!  born fabric store  Unfortunately though, once we pulled it out unfortunately though pulled  (disappointed exclamations)   we realized it was too narrow of a bolt to actually cover my body, so it was a no-go. realized narrow bolt actually cover body nogo  But maybe we can, like, take a little for inspo or something? maybe like take little inspo something  Yeah! yeah  Still on the hunt, we headed downstairs. Past more mountains of fabric... still hunt headed downstairs past mountains fabric  To the jacquard area. jacquard area  To try and see if we could find anything sparkly or patterned with kind of a celestial vibe. try see could find anything sparkly patterned kind celestial vibe  We did end up finding one shimmery metallic fabric that could have been an option, end finding one shimmery metallic fabric could option  but none of us were really feeling it. none us really feeling  I think it's not right. think right  Okay. There we go. okay go  I don't think so. dont think  That's why we do it! thats  And without finding a clear front-runner... without finding clear frontrunner  I mean it would be... mean would  RED HOT!!! red hot  Hahaha!!! hahaha  We decided to say "auf wiedersehen" to Rag Finders, and head over to our second destination: decided say auf wiedersehen rag finders head second destination  Mood, of Project Runway Fame. mood project runway fame  I'm try to remember all the things that Tim Gunn says... im try remember things tim gunn says  I dunno, I think he just says "let's go to Mood!" dunno think says lets go mood  Yeah, right?! yeah right  "Alright, time to go to Mood! Thank you Mood!" alright time go mood thank mood  Yes! yes  Now, beyond that, Mood is more of a standard fabric store with just a wide range of options. beyond mood standard fabric store wide range options  This one's kind of funny. Not for the dress, but just in life. ones kind funny dress life  and so we inevitably found a lot of things that were not gonna work... inevitably found lot things gonna work  With interesting patterns... interesting patterns  Is it, like, vaguely animal print-esque? like vaguely animal printesque  The subtlest of cheetah prints? subtlest cheetah prints  As well as textures... well textures  Oh, there's feathers over here. Oh, there's a lot of feathers over here! oh theres feathers oh theres lot feathers  But something that Mood did have a fair amount of, was good sparkly options. something mood fair amount good sparkly options  Oh, wow! That's really nice, actually! oh wow thats really nice actually  Now, I was down for some sparkle, but we did have to be careful with beading, sparkle careful beading  because we didn't want anything that could snag in a dancing situation. didnt want anything could snag dancing situation  Especially during this move. The Buns-A-Rollin' where Tyler spins me around on the ground. especially move bunsarollin tyler spins around ground  And though we did end up finding a couple of good options... though end finding couple good options  It's kind of cool! kind cool  Yeah, I don't foresee these falling off. yeah dont foresee falling  Stephanie had to secretly found a treasure in the corner, that she was eager to show me. stephanie secretly found treasure corner eager show  Get ready! Get ready! Get ready! get ready get ready get ready  I don't know if this is right, but, like, dont know right like  Which was a sheer black fabric with embroidered stars. sheer black fabric embroidered stars  Oh wow! oh wow  It's pretty awesome! pretty awesome  It's pretty awesome, right?! pretty awesome right  That is pretty sick guys. pretty sick guys  And though I had kind of given up hope of finding a celestial patterned fabric like this, though kind given hope finding celestial patterned fabric like  it was one of the things that was all over my initial Pinterest board. one things initial pinterest board  And they're not like "stars" where they're like "Oh, they're stars". They're little abstracty stars. You know? theyre like stars theyre like oh theyre stars theyre little abstracty stars know  It was very different from all of the other options that we had considered... different options considered  This is really good! really good  But it was light, seemed easy to dance in, and would match so many other elements of our wedding light seemed easy dance would match many elements wedding  that it really felt like a winner. really felt like winner  I mean, kind of, like, out of all the stuff that we've chosen, this is definitely you. mean kind like stuff weve chosen definitely  Yeah, I think so too. I think this could be the one, honestly. yeah think think could one honestly  I think that's also, like, the first time I've, like, felt that way. think thats also like first time ive like felt way  Good!!! good  And having checked out so many different fabrics from Velvets, to pineapples, to fire trucks, checked many different fabrics velvets pineapples fire trucks  It felt kind of surreal to finally find something we liked so much. felt kind surreal finally find something liked much  Alright, this is pretty awesome. alright pretty awesome  Is that a saying? saying  Is that a thing? thing  No  I don't think that's a thing!! dont think thats thing  So we decided to go with this one. decided go one  I guess that was a resounding "Thank You Mood." guess resounding thank mood  "Thank you, Mood!" thank mood  And with our material and our silhouette chosen, material silhouette chosen  it was time to put the whole thing together and do a fitting in our final fabric. time put whole thing together fitting final fabric  Ready? ready  And right away we were pretty pumped with how it was looking. right away pretty pumped looking  Love it! love  And with how it was twirling. twirling  No, I was ready. But, I want to see it again. ready want see  Okay okay  Now there are a couple of things in this more final version that are kind of new to the design. couple things final version kind new design  Oh wow! oh wow  First of which is the sleeves which originally were gonna be made out of a plain black organza. first sleeves originally gonna made plain black organza  But after Stephanie went home with our starry fabric and kind of hung out with it for a second, stephanie went home starry fabric kind hung second  she suggested that we instead do the sleeve in our fabric, just unlined. suggested instead sleeve fabric unlined  I think it was a great decision to do the sleeves in the same fabric as the dress. think great decision sleeves fabric dress  We also slightly changed the opacity of the bodice to feature our stars more prominently also slightly changed opacity bodice feature stars prominently  Which actually nicely matches the Sheerness of the first dress as well. actually nicely matches sheerness first dress well  Besides those changes, I was also quite pleased with the added volume in the shoulder area. besides changes also quite pleased added volume shoulder area  As well as the snugness on my behind. well snugness behind  Sorry, I just, like, I panned right to your butt. sorry like panned right butt  Crash zoom to your booty crash zoom booty  But it wasn't so snug that we couldn't still boogie a little. wasnt snug couldnt still boogie little  Let's get your butts-a-rollin', right? lets get buttsarollin right  Butts-a-rollin' sounds better. buttsarollin sounds better  All of the details aside though, I think this dress was, without question, just a hundred percent, the right dress. details aside though think dress without question hundred percent right dress  I feel like this is so you and, you know, and, basically, we... nailed it? feel like know basically nailed  And I think we were all really happy with it. think really happy  Completely! It's an extension of the main gown and I just think it's stunning! completely extension main gown think stunning  Yeah. Me too. Love it! yeah love  Now, as you guys could probably tell over the course of this video, guys could probably tell course video  this dress making process took quite a while, and frankly, between this dress and our first dress, dress making process took quite frankly dress first dress  we've been working with Stephanie and Christy and all of their partners basically all year. weve working stephanie christy partners basically year  It's been such a great experience to get to know them and work with them, great experience get know work  And I'm so grateful that they were willing to let me be so involved in the design process. im grateful willing let involved design process  From the initial sketches, to the dungeons of Rag Finders. initial sketches dungeons rag finders  You guys are full Gollum right now. You're literally finding the ring of power in the darkness. guys full gollum right youre literally finding ring power darkness  I'm super excited for both of the dresses that we've made together, im super excited dresses weve made together  and I can't wait to show them to you guys in the next episode. cant wait show guys next episode  So let's get our butts-a-rollin' and get married. lets get buttsarollin get married  Thank you guys so much for watching! thank guys much watching  And once again a huge thank you to Stephanie for making this beautiful dress! huge thank stephanie making beautiful dress  I am so excited to see how it excited see  If you liked that video make sure to sha-mash that like button liked video make sure shamash like button  and if you want to see more videos like this make sure to sha-mash that subscribe button. want see videos like make sure shamash subscribe button  a big shout out to SunTheAlpacaMan, big shout sunthealpacaman  thanks for watching SunTheAlpacaMan, and I will see you guys a-next time! thanks watching sunthealpacaman see guys anext time  Hello, friends, and welcome to another video hello friends welcome another video  This week, we're gonna be baking a wedding cake with every possible cake flavor in it week gonna baking wedding cake every possible cake flavor  Perfect for the bride who wants it all...literally perfect bride wants allliterally  Now as some of you may know - besides being engaged, may know  besides engaged  betrothed, betrothed  and affianced affianced  I am also a bit of a mixing fiend, having previously also bit mixing fiend previously  mixed together many of my makeup products, hundreds of lipsticks, nail polishes and candles. mixed together many makeup products hundreds lipsticks nail polishes candles  So naturally, given our nuptials this fall naturally given nuptials fall  We wanted to see if we could do a wedding themed franken-experiment. wanted see could wedding themed frankenexperiment  And a few months ago, months ago  one of you guys sent to me a tweet that got the hamster wheels in my mind one guys sent tweet got hamster wheels mind  a-whirring awhirring  "A Franken cake," you say? franken cake say  I was intrigued. intrigued  Now, a question you might have at this point is just what does it mean to make a cake with every possible flavor? question might point mean make cake every possible flavor  Well the expected answer and how we usually do our Franken videos would be that we would mix every batter well expected answer usually franken videos would would mix every batter  Together into one mixture and then make a single cake together one mixture make single cake  but following the trajectory of our pseudo science videos getting following trajectory pseudo science videos getting  increasingly crazy and notably large- increasingly crazy notably large  and also borrowing some inspiration from the reality TV classic, Cake Boss, also borrowing inspiration reality tv classic cake boss  we felt like we had to bake something a little more grand so we decided that for our felt like bake something little grand decided  Franken wedding cake every single flavor should get its own layer and thus the idea of a many tiered franken wedding cake every single flavor get layer thus idea many tiered  Giant cake-zilla was born. giant cakezilla born  It's time for some bad culinary science, y'all! Except this time time bad culinary science yall except time  there won't be lipstick in the cake unless we wont lipstick cake unless  Accidentally drop in some of our ColourPop Franken lipsticks, which are back in stock now at colourpop.com accidentally drop colourpop franken lipsticks back stock colourpopcom  We've got our six colors and our full collection kits all back just in time to add a little batty cheer to your holiday weve got six colors full collection kits back time add little batty cheer holiday  Season perfect for anyone who wants some nightmare with their Christmas. season perfect anyone wants nightmare christmas  Yes, it's still October in my heart yes still october heart  No.  All right! right  Now as for how we're gonna make this thing, one thing to keep in mind is that we're not great bakers gonna make thing one thing keep mind great bakers  Let alone bakers of cake monstrosity, so we're not gonna bet on this getting to our actual wedding let alone bakers cake monstrosity gonna bet getting actual wedding  in fact fact  We do have a backup cake purchased but we are gonna try our best to make this bad boy as legit as possible backup cake purchased gonna try best make bad boy legit possible  So we've recruited our friend and baking expert Rosanna Pansino weve recruited friend baking expert rosanna pansino  to help consult us on how on earth to make a giant cake, help consult us earth make giant cake  without it destroying itself and also us without destroying also us  All right, so we are here at Ro's house, Ro's been briefed, you know right ros house ros briefed know  Like the idea of the vibe. Can you help me? like idea vibe help  I hope so? I thought about it a lot in theory hope thought lot theory  How one would assemble this cake? one would assemble cake  So it would be structurally sound and you could get a lot of variety. would structurally sound could get lot variety  Both of those things sound good. I think structurally, things sound good think structurally  Sound is something that is weighing on my mind a little bit sound something weighing mind little bit  I feel like it could easily end up like what are those ladies called the goth fairy? feel like could easily end like ladies called goth fairy  Godmothers from Sleeping Beauty and their cake just kind of like falls over godmothers sleeping beauty cake kind like falls  I see that I see that happening for me see see happening  now wedding cakes are wedding cakes  traditionally made in like a tiered structure where each tier gets smaller as you go up for stability now a tier is traditionally made like tiered structure tier gets smaller go stability tier  for cake layers put together and you ice them and that's a tier and cake layers put together ice thats tier  Conventionally if each layer is 1 inch tall with frosting in between them. Now. How many tiers can you make a cake? conventionally layer  inch tall frosting many tiers make cake  - That's the question. 
- Whoo  thats question 
 whoo  Now obviously we want to make a cake with as many layers as possible to fit as many flavors as possible obviously want make cake many layers possible fit many flavors possible  but there are a couple of things to keep in mind one is that they only make couple things keep mind one make  circular cake pans so big and so small circular cake pans big small  So we're going to be limited by like literally what is purchasable the other? going limited like literally purchasable  Limitation is the size of our ovens the ovens in our house are kind of small. So we're planning on renting limitation size ovens ovens house kind small planning renting  Industrial ovens for the big boys, but even they have their limits industrial ovens big boys even limits  So it seems that our largest pan size is gonna have to be 18 inches wide and the smallest 4 seems largest pan size gonna  inches wide smallest   Technically goes to a three inch but I would stop at a four inch because a three inch cake is... technically goes three inch would stop four inch three inch cake  A 'lil baby! lil baby  - It's basically a cupcake 
- and if the size of the pans increase two inches at a time, we'll have eight tiers in total  basically cupcake 
 size pans increase two inches time well eight tiers total  So basically we are gonna be able to have 32 different flavors basically gonna able  different flavors  Which is obviously not every flavor imaginable, but when it comes to conventional wedding cake flavors obviously every flavor imaginable comes conventional wedding cake flavors  - It's a good chunk of them. 
- I got you a list of different flavors that you could pair together  good chunk 
 got list different flavors could pair together  Thank you thank  Now in terms of which flavors we're gonna use we have two main objectives terms flavors gonna use two main objectives  to have as diverse of a cake as diverse cake  Possible looks wise and taste wise and also to pick cake types that could support layers possible looks wise taste wise also pick cake types could support layers  Above and below it which unfortunately rules out like mousses, souffles unfortunately rules like mousses souffles  Tiramisus, or flans. Great cakes, but not very stackable. To highlight the different flavors as well, we're also gonna be making tiramisus flans great cakes stackable highlight different flavors well also gonna making  corresponding frostings to go in between the layers corresponding frostings go layers  - Whoa 
- So you have like the true Frank and cake experience and once we decorate it like a wedding cake  whoa 
 like true frank cake experience decorate like wedding cake  we're gonna be tasting the cake as tiers as well as figuring out a way to taste all 32 flavors at once do you think gonna tasting cake tiers well figuring way taste  flavors think  That sounds too crazy. It's definitely an intimidating sounds crazy definitely intimidating  undertaking undertaking  Okay, but I think after talking with ro we at least have somewhere to start? All right okay think talking ro least somewhere start right  so after having ordered an ungodly amount of cake pans grabbing all of our ingredients and ordered ungodly amount cake pans grabbing ingredients  prepping some stuff prepping stuff  We are ready for our bake-a- thon so basically today we are all hands on deck which means that I'm gonna be mixing and baking ready bakea thon basically today hands deck means im gonna mixing baking  Tyler is going to be mixing and baking that's you Tyler tyler going mixing baking thats tyler  - Oh, yeah
- and then our team member MaiLinh who has been helping us plan. This project is also going to be baking  oh yeah
 team member mailinh helping us plan project also going baking  - So we're gonna be mixing and baking many cakes at the same time 
- You sound like a frog. 
- Sorry. We recently went to Vegas for our bachelor  gonna mixing baking many cakes time 
 sound like frog 
 sorry recently went vegas bachelor  Bachelorette party so my voice may be shot bachelorette party voice may shot  - May? 
- Is. 
- Okay. There you go. 
- We've rented ovens. We've rented fridge and freezers. We went to Costco  may 
 
 okay go 
 weve rented ovens weve rented fridge freezers went costco  - We got like more eggs than anyone ever. It's a it's a production.
-  We're an unlicensed bakery. 
- We are super unlicensed  got like eggs anyone ever production
  unlicensed bakery 
 super unlicensed  The ovens preheated. ovens preheated  Now some of the cakes were gonna be making from scratch but because of the sheer quantity of cakes we have to make there is cakes gonna making scratch sheer quantity cakes make  some cake mix around and by some I mean a lot. Also, as we go cake mix around mean lot also go  We're gonna be adding in the extra batter into a sort of slop Cup gonna adding extra batter sort slop cup  I guess for lack of better term and we're gonna make a true guess lack better term gonna make true  Franken cupcake out of our extra batter franken cupcake extra batter  - Yeah 
- to put on the top of our giant Franken wedding cake and that's how we're gonna taste all the flavors at once  yeah 
 put top giant franken wedding cake thats gonna taste flavors  All right. Is it time should we start as for the main cake flavors, right time start main cake flavors  We're obviously gonna be including some of the more basic obviously gonna including basic  - Cake mixes like the chocolates, vanillas and funfetties of the world 
- Woohoo! Party!  cake mixes like chocolates vanillas funfetties world 
 woohoo party  and we've decided to use them primarily in the bigger layers at the bottom. We do have a large weve decided use primarily bigger layers bottom large  - Man overboard 
- New plan! Bottom layer, plastic flavor  man overboard 
 new plan bottom layer plastic flavor  - Now these bottom layers are gonna take a lot of ingredients 
- Open the eggs. We need the eggs bring the eggs in here!  bottom layers gonna take lot ingredients 
 open eggs need eggs bring eggs  So thankfully we have this automatic mixer to do some of the heavy lifting on these big bowls of batter thankfully automatic mixer heavy lifting big bowls batter  - All right, once everything's incorporated. I'll make it go fast. 
- You don't need to make it go too fast  right everythings incorporated ill make go fast 
 dont need make go fast  I like to make it go fast. like make go fast  And once the batters are ready batters ready  We're gonna take the big ones like these down to the garage where our industrial ovens are gonna take big ones like garage industrial ovens  - Oh my god, it's hot in here 
- and pour them into their appropriate pans  oh god hot 
 pour appropriate pans  - Which we've pre-greased and parchment papered. And then we'll put them into the oven. 
- My hands are like really really sweaty  weve pregreased parchment papered well put oven 
 hands like really really sweaty  So in addition to the sort of chocolate and vanilla category, we have some other bigger layers addition sort chocolate vanilla category bigger layers  I feel like one of the mice in Cinderella trying to build her dress. Also, with just straight-up box mix but they're a little more feel like one mice cinderella trying build dress also straightup box mix theyre little  fun kind of with flavors like lemon, strawberry, fun kind flavors like lemon strawberry  - Pumpkin spice and good old just spice. 
- Which Spice Girl are you Ty? 
- I think I'm baby spice. 
- Oh, yeah  pumpkin spice good old spice 
 spice girl ty 
 think im baby spice 
 oh yeah  - Which one am I? 
- I don't know. Depends what day it is  one 
 dont know depends day  And these of course are also gonna get poured into their giant pans course also gonna get poured giant pans  - Oh my god guys, its Neapolitan ice cream 
- as well as stuck into the oven to the oven  oh god guys neapolitan ice cream 
 well stuck oven oven  - Alright, watch yourself Saffy 
- To the club to the oven. Whoa  alright watch saffy 
 club oven whoa  - Which I think Tyler might be scared of 
- It looks like the furnace from home alone. It's got like a face. "WELCOME TO HELL"  think tyler might scared 
 looks like furnace home alone got like face welcome hell  We also have some fun straight-up cake mixes in smaller pan sizes as well like angels food cake also fun straightup cake mixes smaller pan sizes well like angels food cake  Salted caramel. Butter yellow. Cookies and cream. And red velvet. salted caramel butter yellow cookies cream red velvet  - Well, I'm talking about the cake flavor red velvet 
- Look how red  well im talking cake flavor red velvet 
 look red  - this is actually I didn't know it was that red
- but Tyler's talking about the k-pop group 
- now that is truly some red flavor  actually didnt know red
 tylers talking kpop group 
 truly red flavor  and the smaller cakes in general are gonna be going in our upstairs non rental ovens smaller cakes general gonna going upstairs non rental ovens  These two cakes next to each other give you strong McDonald's vibes two cakes next give strong mcdonalds vibes  - It's like the burger patty and like what's left of Ronald McDonald 
- that makes me not want to eat it. Now our cake mixes are  like burger patty like whats left ronald mcdonald 
 makes want eat cake mixes  Mostly Betty Crocker, but we do have these two British mixes from King Arthur Flour mostly betty crocker two british mixes king arthur flour  - This is kind of like the Great British Bake Off from hell. 
- Yeah  kind like great british bake hell 
 yeah  - Mary Barry wants you to bake a giant cake 
- A franken-cake!  mary barry wants bake giant cake 
 frankencake  - You fools! 
- and these are like slightly more difficult mixes or at least different recipes. 
-Hello  fools 
 like slightly difficult mixes least different recipes 
hello  Why are you what this is?  This is the recipe! recipe  Tyler just put water in and then put eggs in. Put the mix in, Ty! tyler put water put eggs put mix ty  - It says whisk together water eggs and oil add cake mix. Stir until smooth.
- Okay. Alright fine. I believe you. It just looks very... 
- It's a British box  says whisk together water eggs oil add cake mix stir smooth
 okay alright fine believe looks 
 british box  - They drive on the other side of the road. Okay makes sense. 
- Editor's note  drive side road okay makes sense 
 editors note  It turns out this company is actually based in Vermont turns company actually based vermont  But at the time we really thought they were British besides those time really thought british besides  We also have like a large amount of cake flavors that we're making by taking plain mixes and then adding extra ingredients also like large amount cake flavors making taking plain mixes adding extra ingredients  - Into them like cinnamon. Peanut butter. 
-That's definitely not enough. 
-That's not enough?! 
- No. 
- Oh wow 
- and peppermint extract  like cinnamon peanut butter 
thats definitely enough 
thats enough 
 
 oh wow 
 peppermint extract  - Oh that smells strong. That smells like the ladies locker room at a spa 
- And we're kind of just adding these in to taste  oh smells strong smells like ladies locker room spa 
 kind adding taste  - Oh, that's good. You don't need more peppermint in that 
- You can taste it?  oh thats good dont need peppermint 
 taste  - Give it another hit. 
- Yeah, that's what I was thinking. 
- Some of these are gonna need food coloring.  give another hit 
 yeah thats thinking 
 gonna need food coloring  While others will just get their color from there extra ingredients others get color extra ingredients  Yeah, that looks artsy yeah looks artsy  Maybe people do have matcha for their wedding cake because then you could say we're the perfect maybe people matcha wedding cake could say perfect  matcha matcha  We are also gonna be making cake flavors by replacing the water in the box mix recipe with different liquids like orange juice also gonna making cake flavors replacing water box mix recipe different liquids like orange juice  Coconut cream hot chocolate and coffee. Oh, that's what I need right now. Just a lil sniff. coconut cream hot chocolate coffee oh thats need right lil sniff  - Oh that was Folgers to the face 
- As well as lime juice and champagne. 
- Are you gonna shoot that off in here?  oh folgers face 
 well lime juice champagne 
 gonna shoot  - Full disclosure, I am not very good at this. 
- Oh!  full disclosure good 
 oh  - Wow that was actually pretty explosive! 
- That was good! 
- I'm glad that everyone pointed me in the right direction  wow actually pretty explosive 
 good 
 im glad everyone pointed right direction  And we're hoping that these more unique flavors like the pink champagne and the matcha hoping unique flavors like pink champagne matcha  - Cosmo and Wanda ain't slick! 
- will give us some serious  cosmo wanda aint slick 
 give us serious  Visual impact in the cross-section and then our final few layers are all going to be made from scratch like butterscotch visual impact crosssection final layers going made scratch like butterscotch  Hazelnut almond. Pineapple. And Bananas Foster hazelnut almond pineapple bananas foster  Okay, so many hours, boxes and ingredients later okay many hours boxes ingredients later  We've mixed up 32 separate batters and we've gotten them all in the oven weve mixed  separate batters weve gotten oven  This is taking my total cake baked number from like four to like 36 taking total cake baked number like four like   - Now cakes have also been coming out of ovens. We're not just leaving them in there. 
- Okay. 
- You got it down. You got it  cakes also coming ovens leaving 
 okay 
 got got  - Booyah! 
- and the ones coming out of our industrial ovens are looking pretty promising.  booyah 
 ones coming industrial ovens looking pretty promising  Oh oh  and then once they've cooled off enough. We're putting them in the fridge theyve cooled enough putting fridge  I feel like there's probably somebody outside casing our house right now and they're like, you know feel like theres probably somebody outside casing house right theyre like know  You understand they have like a lot of cakes understand like lot cakes  - Now the upstairs oven is a little bit of a different story. 
- Oh my god  upstairs oven little bit different story 
 oh god  Oh oh  My god, oh my god. It's crazy over here. Oh my god. It's going crazy over here god oh god crazy oh god going crazy  - In general? I don't think it's a great oven. 
- This is this is real. This is real  general dont think great oven 
 real real  This is a real problem real problem  But specifically the duo of butter yellow and mint tried to take the house down specifically duo butter yellow mint tried take house  Well, it smells minty fresh well smells minty fresh  - It does 
- something about the butter yellow caused it to  
 something butter yellow caused  - Overflow into the mint causing then the mint to overflow into the oven 
- the Ring of Fire  overflow mint causing mint overflow oven 
 ring fire  Now they are baked and the house is still standing, but that ones on our list baked house still standing ones list  Why are you the way that you are ,cake? way cake  So now that our cakes are all baked we can move on to our cakes baked move  - Slop cup. Which we've been adding our extra batter to all day. 
- It looks like Rachel Green's truffle 
- The trifle? 
- Yeah  slop cup weve adding extra batter day 
 looks like rachel greens truffle 
 trifle 
 yeah  Ladyfingers cream then beef sauteed with peas and onions ladyfingers cream beef sauteed peas onions  - Another round of ladyfingers 
- and we've actually filled up three full buckets as we've been baking. 
-Oh, it looks weird. 
-Oh, yeah  another round ladyfingers 
 weve actually filled three full buckets weve baking 
oh looks weird 
oh yeah  - It looks like bacon 
- A little meaty 
- To go into our Franken cupcake batter. 
- Whoa!  looks like bacon 
 little meaty 
 go franken cupcake batter 
 whoa  That was pretty gloopy. I'm not gonna lie. Oh, that one looks very appetizing actually. All right, let's blend these biatches pretty gloopy im gonna lie oh one looks appetizing actually right lets blend biatches  So it actually doesn't look as actually doesnt look  - Unappetizing as I thought it would 
- No 
- I feel like most of our cakes were brown  unappetizing thought would 
 
 feel like cakes brown  But that like red velvet cake really just asserted its dominance and made it red like red velvet cake really asserted dominance made red  - It smells kind of minty 
- You did dose it with that peppermint, Saf. 
- Yeah, I mean I smell mint and like  smells kind minty 
 dose peppermint saf 
 yeah mean smell mint like  - Weirdly, maybe banana 
- and then once we've scooped it all into the cupcake pan. We'll take it down to the oven  weirdly maybe banana 
 weve scooped cupcake pan well take oven  Hopefully the last thing to go into the oven ever hopefully last thing go oven ever  Hopefully the last thing I ever put into an oven hopefully last thing ever put oven  I'm like that baby im like baby  - You know the baby I'm talking about 
- So it's about 30 minutes later and our cupcakes are ready  know baby im talking 
  minutes later cupcakes ready  They look awesome, look awesome  It almost looks like a Venus flytrap with a tongue or like a little bit like demagorgon-y almost looks like venus flytrap tongue like little bit like demagorgony  But we'll deal with these dudes later for now well deal dudes later  They go in the fridge but to finish off our night go fridge finish night  we have to level all of the cakes that we've baked and cooled so that they're all exactly one inch tall and level cakes weve baked cooled theyre exactly one inch tall  Also flat. And our plan is to use both cake levelers, which are these kind of cheese wire type situations also flat plan use cake levelers kind cheese wire type situations  - Yes
- as well as knives for the cakes that are either too crumbly or too large for the Levellers  yes
 well knives cakes either crumbly large levellers  And after we level them we're gonna pop the cakes out of their pans level gonna pop cakes pans  and then wrap them label them and put them into the freezer wrap label put freezer  So they're easier to handle when we're building which we're gonna do tomorrow. All right theyre easier handle building gonna tomorrow right  So here we are on our cake building day cake building day  So we're gonna start off by building each tier individually using our corresponding frosting flavors between each layer gonna start building tier individually using corresponding frosting flavors layer  Which we've pre-made by mixing the appropriate ingredients into a vanilla or chocolate weve premade mixing appropriate ingredients vanilla chocolate  Buttercream base. And in addition to putting our frosting into piping bags buttercream base addition putting frosting piping bags  We're also going to be using this fancy dancy cake turntable also going using fancy dancy cake turntable  So I can just squeeze that bag and the cake will move underneath me. All right, let's do this squeeze bag cake move underneath right lets  So I'm gonna start with these 6-inch layer and the one that's gonna be on the bottom is orange chocolate im gonna start nch layer one thats gonna bottom orange chocolate  Rosanna had recommended that we put cake boards at the bottom of all of our tiers for stability rosanna recommended put cake boards bottom tiers stability  - So I'm gonna add some vanilla frosting to the bottom of the cake and then just stick it on there 
- Just as Vanilla Ice  im gonna add vanilla frosting bottom cake stick 
 vanilla ice  - Was a glue to the music industry in the 90s. 
- What the? Who? 
- Vanilla icing will be a glue for this?  glue music industry  
 
 vanilla icing glue  - And after that, I'm gonna put the orange frosting on top of our orange chocolate cake. 
- Oh, it's coming out Ty  im gonna put orange frosting top orange chocolate cake 
 oh coming ty  - and we want the frosting to be pretty thick and even 
- oh,  want frosting pretty thick even 
 oh  - I'm figuring it out. 
- So it can support the layers above 
- this is actually looking kind of decent  im figuring 
 support layers 
 actually looking kind decent  And then we just start stacking our layers. All right start stacking layers right  - Next up is banana 
- The only dynamic to be aware of is that with a four layer tier  next banana 
 dynamic aware four layer tier  There are only like three inner frosting locations like three inner frosting locations  So one of the layers is gonna be flying solo like our banana cake one layers gonna flying solo like banana cake  Which is gonna have chocolate cappuccino frosting on top to go with the chocolate cappuccino cake gonna chocolate cappuccino frosting top go chocolate cappuccino cake  I'm already interested by this flavor combination im already interested flavor combination  - Yeah
- and then we have matcha cake and frosting to round out the tier  yeah
 matcha cake frosting round tier  So when we spec'd out the cake specd cake  We tried to like sort of distribute the flavors and colors for maximum visual diversity as well as flavor tried like sort distribute flavors colors maximum visual diversity well flavor  Surprise, I guess I would say and I think that this tier is definitely gonna be hitting a lot of different taste buds surprise guess would say think tier definitely gonna hitting lot different taste buds  - It's like your coffee and your fruit in the morning. 
- Yeah, actually, that's right  like coffee fruit morning 
 yeah actually thats right  So we'll see if that strategy comes back to bite us when we taste it well see strategy comes back bite us taste  But for now, let's move on to the 8-inch cake lets move nch cake  Which is sort of like a spicy almost Valentine's Day-ish tier because we have chocolate cinnamon sort like spicy almost valentines dayish tier chocolate cinnamon  - Unleash the power! 
- Red velvet, devil's food and pink champagne in it.  unleash power 
 red velvet devils food pink champagne  - Boo-ya
- Rock and roll man. Cake, frosting and rock and roll. Those are my three vices man  booya
 rock roll man cake frosting rock roll three vices man  All right. So that is the 8-inch tier down, now we're going for ten. Now for this tier right nch tier going ten tier  We have salted caramel, our spawn of Satan butter yellow cake, our British salted caramel spawn satan butter yellow cake british  But not British eggnog one and some coconut on top british eggnog one coconut top  I feel like this one kind of looks like a filet-o-fish or like a crispy chicken sandwich feel like one kind looks like filetofish like crispy chicken sandwich  - Yeah
- Besides that we actually don't have much in terms of a theme for this tier  yeah
 besides actually dont much terms theme tier  But it looks and sounds looks sounds  - Pretty tasty 
- That looks like the kind of cake you want to take out to a nice seafood dinner. 
- You don't even like seafood  pretty tasty 
 looks like kind cake want take nice seafood dinner 
 dont even like seafood  - I want to date this cake cause I'm trying to say 
- That's so rude. This is our wedding cake. All right  want date cake cause im trying say 
 thats rude wedding cake right  What is this Who am I what's happening? This is the ten inch this is the 10 inch tier now whats happening ten inch  inch tier  We're on to the 12. So this tier is kind of like a mash-up combination of flavors  tier kind like mashup combination flavors  You might find in a tropical climate because you have coffee beans with the mocha cak.
- Oh, shiz. Yeah, I'm good might find tropical climate coffee beans mocha cak
 oh shiz yeah im good  - And that's a thick one.
-  It's a thick one. Mr. Grinch. Cacao beans with the hot chocolate cake  thats thick one
  thick one mr grinch cacao beans hot chocolate cake  We're trying to minimize trying minimize  Stabbing in this video stabbing video  Minimize stabbing maximize flavor. Followed by a lime layer and then like a mint mojito on top minimize stabbing maximize flavor followed lime layer like mint mojito top  This looks like a pile of toothpaste but I feel like it might taste good because it smells awesome. All right, high five looks like pile toothpaste feel like might taste good smells awesome right high five  I tricked him into that one tricked one  So now we're on to our 14-inch tier and we are starting off with spice nch tier starting spice  This tier is kind of like the Professor Utonium from Powerpuff Girls section mainly because there's a lot of spice going on on tier kind like professor utonium powerpuff girls section mainly theres lot spice going  Sugar spice everything nice. These are the three ingredients to create the perfect little girl sugar spice everything nice three ingredients create perfect little girl  We're just missing a little Chemical X. But we do have some vanilla and some German chocolate to make up for it missing little chemical x vanilla german chocolate make  - How is German chocolate cake different from other a chocolate cake? 
- It has an umlaut. 
-Ah, it's chook-let  german chocolate cake different chocolate cake 
 umlaut 
ah chooklet  It's cook. Now. I'm not gonna pretend like I've been killing it with the piping overall cook im gonna pretend like ive killing piping overall  I'm just not like good at this and I'm getting exposed but I think my forearms are getting kind of tired im like good im getting exposed think forearms getting kind tired  - So Tyler has been helping me out with it. 
- Your hands are wild right now 
- High-five  tyler helping 
 hands wild right 
 highfive  I know I got you with that earlier, but you are not getting me with that now know got earlier getting  - We've also entered the territory with these cakes. We're just moving them at all is a two-person job 
- The paper's slippery  weve also entered territory cakes moving twoperson job 
 papers slippery  - All right, watch out for the frosting bucket. 
- Watch out for the clothing  right watch frosting bucket 
 watch clothing  So next up we have the 16-inch layers, which I'm deeming flavors next nch layers im deeming flavors  You might inject into a donut. With some richer notes like a butterscotch and Nutella and then some fruity notes like lemon frosting might inject donut richer notes like butterscotch nutella fruity notes like lemon frosting  Which I guess we may have let saw a little too long. Oh my god. Keep going. Keep going guess may let saw little long oh god keep going keep going  Whoa, this is a runaway lemon. What the hell screw banana time. It's lemon time. Whoa whoa runaway lemon hell screw banana time lemon time whoa  And on top of that we have lemon cake, strawberry icing top lemon cake strawberry icing  - Which is not quite as crazy as the lemon one and strawberry cake.  quite crazy lemon one strawberry cake  She got hit by a giant cake! But with that one put away got hit giant cake one put away  - It's time for the biggest boy, the 18 inch-er 
- Slide slide slide slide slide 
- You sound like Ross 
- Pivot! Pivot!  time biggest boy  incher 
 slide slide slide slide slide 
 sound like ross 
 pivot pivot  Now this tier has a peanut butter cake on the bottom that has started to get a little crumbly tier peanut butter cake bottom started get little crumbly  so we're gonna be very careful and we're gonna adhere it to the cake board cracks down and then hopefully if we just kind of gonna careful gonna adhere cake board cracks hopefully kind  Move on as if nothing's happened move nothings happened  We'll be all good. A peanut butter frosting that Tyler is going to be squeezing because he's been getting pretty good at it well good peanut butter frosting tyler going squeezing hes getting pretty good  - I'm like entering a headspace with this. 
- Are you entering a zone? 
- Yes. 
- Is it Auto Zone? 
- Yes  im like entering headspace 
 entering zone 
 yes 
 auto zone 
 yes  And then chocolate, carrot cake, and funfetti frosting and cake on top chocolate carrot cake funfetti frosting cake top  Did that work? work  - Uh, it's on 
- and I'm gonna say the theme of this tier is that they're all just giant. 
- All the way up  uh 
 im gonna say theme tier theyre giant 
 way  - All the way up 
- Will it fit? Will it fit? Yes. Yes yes yes yes. Yeah! 
- My hands got buttery  way 
 fit fit yes yes yes yes yes yeah 
 hands got buttery  Yeah! So with all of our other tiers built and put away we're going all the way to the tippy top for the four inchers yeah tiers built put away going way tippy top four inchers  - Oh my god, it's so cute. 
-Yeah
- It's a baby shark 
- In this tier, we have cookies and cream,  pineapple cake and frosting  oh god cute 
yeah
 baby shark 
 tier cookies cream  pineapple cake frosting  Hazelnut almond cake and then cherry icing hazelnut almond cake cherry icing  Which is supposed to pair with our angels food cake layer supposed pair angels food cake layer  - We saved it for the top because it is very delicate and weak so we're gonna see what happened 
- Don't breathe on it  saved top delicate weak gonna see happened 
 dont breathe  - Well, sorry 
- Now with all of our tiers built it's time to frost the outside of each one individually before stacking them on top  well sorry 
 tiers built time frost outside one individually stacking top  of each other and basically what we're doing is first applying a crumb coat of our frosting which is sort of like an basically first applying crumb coat frosting sort like  Initial thin layer then putting them back into the freezer before adding like an exterior initial thin layer putting back freezer adding like exterior  Final layer of frosting we have enough vanilla frosting in life. We have like a paint buckets worth final layer frosting enough vanilla frosting life like paint buckets worth  - So like I hope that's enough 
- I don't know how much that is  like hope thats enough 
 dont know much  - 35 pounds?! 
- and I think I've been kind of figuring it out. 
- Okay. Does that look crazy or does it look artful?   pounds 
 think ive kind figuring 
 okay look crazy look artful  - It's kind of like rustic looking 
- That's like a wedding vibe, right? Like the barn vibe  kind like rustic looking 
 thats like wedding vibe right like barn vibe  - This is the stucco facade that no one on house hunters wants 
- They want crown molding though  stucco facade one house hunters wants 
 want crown molding though  And then once they're done, they go into the fridge for storage theyre done go fridge storage  the only one that seems to be one seems  Presenting a problem is the tiny cake because I'm afraid that if I use my big metal scraper on it presenting problem tiny cake im afraid use big metal scraper  It'll just like fall over. So I've been using a piping bag itll like fall ive using piping bag  But unfortunately, the frosting is kind of drooping off of it who knew that it would be the four-inch one unfortunately frosting kind drooping knew would fourinch one  That would be my downfall. So my new plan is to just go at it with my hands would downfall new plan go hands  - Like what if I built it a fortress of frosting and then squished it inside? 
- We'll call it the fortress of solitude. 
- Yes  like built fortress frosting squished inside 
 well call fortress solitude 
 yes  I'm going to caress the frosting onto the cake. All right guys, it's time for a rebrand. We're not selling lipsticks anymore im going caress frosting onto cake right guys time rebrand selling lipsticks anymore  We're selling hand massaged frosting. That's my new merch item selling hand massaged frosting thats new merch item  And once the frosting is on, we can try to shape it by shaving off the excess frosting try shape shaving excess  - Okay
- That's not bad 
- and then use the metal tools to you know, make it look artsy  okay
 thats bad 
 use metal tools know make look artsy  - It looks like a bandaged head. 
- I was gonna say looking the Invisible Man
- Okay  looks like bandaged head 
 gonna say looking invisible man
 okay  So with that, we are done building and frosting all of our tiers done building frosting tiers  So the only thing that's left to do is to put them all on top of each other and build our final cake thing thats left put top build final cake  Which we're gonna do tomorrow because we spent all day doing this so gonna tomorrow spent day  Good night again and see you in the morning, which is right now good night see morning right  Now, how we stack the tiers is stack tiers  Actually pretty important because as Ro let us know no matter how much good actually pretty important ro let us know matter much good  - Baking we've done if we don't have the right support the cake might not survive 
- Now for structure  baking weve done dont right support cake might survive 
 structure  - Let's talk structure 
- As we mentioned  lets talk structure 
 mentioned  We have a cake board at the bottom of each tier which sneakily has like a little circle cut out at the center cake board bottom tier sneakily like little circle cut center  So what we're gonna do is use a Big Mama dowel or big stick gonna use big mama dowel big stick  - This is probably the most dangerous part 
- and essentially thread all the layers on to it  probably dangerous part 
 essentially thread layers  We're also going to be using complementary smaller dowels in each individual tier also going using complementary smaller dowels individual tier  - Which we're going to be measuring to the height of our tiers chopping. 
- Whoa!  going measuring height tiers chopping 
 whoa  - I mean business 
- and then sticking in 
- and the reason you do that is because when you stack on the other layer on top the  mean business 
 sticking 
 reason stack layer top  Dowels will support the cake board so that your cakes don't just kind of like squish into each other dowels support cake board cakes dont kind like squish  Yeah yeah  They don't end up like stacking cakes and what we found on the Internet is that you should use the diameter of the cake dont end like stacking cakes found internet use diameter cake  Divided by 2 number of dowels in each respective tier. I have like a large wad of frosting right here divided  number dowels respective tier like large wad frosting right  How did I get there? get  - I don't even know it's like very early on in the day. And now we do this seven more times. 
- Whoa!!!  dont even know like early day seven times 
 whoa  It's a minty surprise minty surprise  - It seems like it should get easier as you keep going because the cakes get smaller 
- ha ha ha ha ha sharkbait ooh ha ha  seems like get easier keep going cakes get smaller 
 ha ha ha ha ha sharkbait ooh ha ha  but handling like a tower of cakes is kind of terrifying handling like tower cakes kind terrifying  - Especially when the top layer will just not cooperate. 
- It's not heavy enough. So gravity's not like doing that much work right now  especially top layer cooperate 
 heavy enough gravitys like much work right  Oh, no, this is your final boss, Saf oh final boss saf  I'm like lliterally screwing the top on I should have known it would come to this im like lliterally screwing top known would come  All right, I think that's on. It looks like a man right think thats looks like man  It looks like the Michelin Man but a cone and together. It's coming in at an impressive looks like michelin man cone together coming impressive  47 inches tall which means that the frosting is accounting for a full 15 inches of height  inches tall means frosting accounting full  inches height  - In fact, that might be the most impressive part. 
- It looks like the Burj Khalifa  fact might impressive part 
 looks like burj khalifa  - I mean, it's basically the Burj Khalifa of cakes. 
- So it's the Burj Cake -lifa. Yeah  mean basically burj khalifa cakes 
 burj cake lifa yeah  - Nailed it in the corner. 
- Not terrible. Not the worst  nailed corner 
 terrible worst  we still have our cupcake that needs to go on top and also some still cupcake needs go top also  - Decorations that we bought but this is pretty close to its final form 
- Update:  decorations bought pretty close final form 
 update  The top three cakes are leaning pretty heavily to the left top three cakes leaning pretty heavily left  So, um, it is living up to its inspo of the leaning sleeping beauty cake um living inspo leaning sleeping beauty cake  we're gonna try and make a little shim out of cake board and put it right here because it's this layer that's gonna try make little shim cake board put right layer thats  Like leaning them all over that actually is doing something like leaning actually something  Put a flower there. Yeah put flower yeah  While we were stacking them we tried to put our cakes on as evenly as possible stacking tried put cakes evenly possible  - But they're still wanting to lean. 
- All right. Now, it's this way. 
-What if we shim right here? 
- Right in the front? 
- Yeah  theyre still wanting lean 
 right way 
what shim right 
 right front 
 yeah  It's like we're feeding a monster like feeding monster  - It seems like the shims are helping but I still think we'd better add our finishing touches a fast 
- Ty you film  seems like shims helping still think wed better add finishing touches fast 
 ty film  The whole time in case it falls we need every camera on it whole time case falls need every camera  - So we're gonna stick our Franken cupcake on top as well as a little custom cat bat cake topper. 
- He's roosting  gonna stick franken cupcake top well little custom cat bat cake topper 
 hes roosting  - He's looking pretty good Safiya. 
- We also ran sacked a local Joann's  hes looking pretty good safiya 
 also ran sacked local joanns  So we have some spooky flowers ribbons and buttons that we can stick on there as well. Oh spooky flowers ribbons buttons stick well oh  Oh, yeah. Oh my god. It's cute as hell and with our extra decorations oh yeah oh god cute hell extra decorations  It's kind of giving off a sweet but ghoulish vibe, which I'm liking a lot kind giving sweet ghoulish vibe im liking lot  It is even with our shims sort of continuing to lean even shims sort continuing lean  This general direction right now. I think with all of these sort of like spooky decorations general direction right think sort like spooky decorations  It's sort of Tim burton-esque. It is looming over sort tim burtonesque looming  The ground 
- Now we're getting pretty close to ground 
 getting pretty close  actually tasting our Franken cake actually tasting franken cake  and we've been coordinating with Rosanna to have her come over so we can reveal our weve coordinating rosanna come reveal  Creation to her and she can try it with us creation try us  However, we're all pretty terrified that this cake is gonna fall over before she gets here however pretty terrified cake gonna fall gets  So I'm just gonna hold it just to be safe. I'm literally just babysitting this cake right now 
- 11 minutes im gonna hold safe im literally babysitting cake right 
  minutes  - Ro says 
- I think this cake has made us its bitch. 
- Okay guys, Rosanna is here. 
- Hey Ro  ro says 
 think cake made us bitch 
 okay guys rosanna 
 hey ro  - Welcome to our clean house. 
- Oh my gosh. I'm so excited  welcome clean house 
 oh gosh im excited  - Also nervous 
- Rosanna, I'm nervous. I'm holding this cake for dear life. 
-We've done everything we need to do with this thing  also nervous 
 rosanna im nervous im holding cake dear life 
weve done everything need thing  So it's time to see what she thinks as our baking guru. This is our extreme h ouse makeover thing. We're...move that bus time see thinks baking guru extreme h ouse makeover thing weremove bus  This is amazing, I see the cake plates and this is amazing see cake plates  - Are you holding it together? 
- At this point, yes. My hand is really crampy, but it's here and you're here  holding together 
 point yes hand really crampy youre  - So I'm happy. But I think to actually slice it. We're gonna have to disassemble it. 
- Yeah, yeah  im happy think actually slice gonna disassemble 
 yeah yeah  we're moments away from disaster moments away disaster  Now, people actually do this with normal tiered cakes. Like you have to take it apart to eat it people actually normal tiered cakes like take apart eat  - So I think it's in our best interest to deconstruct it now 
- Look at all the support  think best interest deconstruct 
 look support  Nice  you guys nice  guys  - We did our best  
- If you didn't do support you wouldn't even a got to here 
- And once the cake is  best  
 didnt support wouldnt even got 
 cake  completely and safely disassembled we can actually cut some slices out of them and try them completely safely disassembled actually cut slices try  - You do have to use some muscle to cut these bad boys 
- I'm shaking I'm literally shaking 
- Her hand is shaking. Yeah  use muscle cut bad boys 
 im shaking im literally shaking 
 hand shaking yeah  - Don't scare me like that! 
- But the cross sections of the slices are coming out looking pretty bomb dot com 
- Yeah!  dont scare like 
 cross sections slices coming looking pretty bomb dot com 
 yeah  beautiful beautiful  - That looks so good 
- Except for the poor angels food cake, which seems to have gotten squished  looks good 
 except poor angels food cake seems gotten squished  I think the angel food may have just absorbed frosting think angel food may absorbed frosting  So with all of our slices sliced, it's taste test time. Taste the rainbow if you will. Now Ro actually doesn't know what's in any of these cakes slices sliced taste test time taste rainbow ro actually doesnt know whats cakes  - No
- So I'm interested to see what you think  no
 im interested see think  - the layers taste like 
- So we're gonna taste all of our tiers before we try our franken cupcake. 
- Look at this  layers taste like 
 gonna taste tiers try franken cupcake 
 look  - Starting with our 18 inch hearty traditional tier. 
- Oh my god. That's amazing. It's really good  starting  inch hearty traditional tier 
 oh god thats amazing really good  - That's so good, what the hell?! 
- It's really good. 
- What do you taste? 
- I can see this is like some funfetti. 
- Don't look  thats good hell 
 really good 
 taste 
 see like funfetti 
 dont look  - Any flavors coming out at you? 
- The aftertaste is chocolate for me  flavors coming 
 aftertaste chocolate  - I taste peanut butter, carrot only 
- Really 
- It was peanut butter. That's that's a peanut butter cake at the bottom  taste peanut butter carrot 
 really 
 peanut butter thats thats peanut butter cake bottom  - that's why it's so messed up because I put too much peanut butter in there 
- Regardless if this one tastes more like  thats messed put much peanut butter 
 regardless one tastes like  - 
- Chocolate or like peanut butter- It's pretty good and Tyler agrees. 
- That is awesome. You went ham with the peanut butter and  
 chocolate like peanut butter pretty good tyler agrees 
 awesome went ham peanut butter  Overall, a lot of the sections of the Franken cake do actually taste really good in particular the overall lot sections franken cake actually taste really good particular  - 14-inch spice and everything nice tear is a real winner. 
- Oh my god  nch spice everything nice tear real winner 
 oh god  Those are amazing amazing  - That one's so good. 
- It's kind of just like a cocktail of holiday goodness. 
- Oh, it just tastes like Christmas  ones good 
 kind like cocktail holiday goodness 
 oh tastes like christmas  - It's like you just shotgun a gingerbread house. 
- Oh, yeah 
- And despite all of the headaches. It's caused me  like shotgun gingerbread house 
 oh yeah 
 despite headaches caused  The four-inch tier is also quite nice. fourinch tier also quite nice  - That was pretty good. 
- The flavors aren't a hundred percent on the same power level as each other  pretty good 
 flavors arent hundred percent power level  But what you can taste, tastes pretty good taste tastes pretty good  I think what I tasted was the cookies and cream and the cherry frosting actually think tasted cookies cream cherry frosting actually  Now, as for the rest of the tiers rest tiers  - There are a couple that are not bad but flavor-wise are a little uneven like our 16 inch pastry filler tear. 
- Whoa  couple bad flavorwise little uneven like  inch pastry filler tear 
 whoa  - Strawberries! Oh lemon, or is that lemon? It's not strawberry. No, it's strawberry. Lemon? 
- I agree with Ro  strawberries oh lemon lemon strawberry strawberry lemon 
 agree ro  Whoa strawberry then lemon then nothing whoa strawberry lemon nothing  - The 10 inch chicken sandwich looking tier is also a bit questionable. 
- Oh my what's that? 
- Okay, it's not terrible   inch chicken sandwich looking tier also bit questionable 
 oh whats 
 okay terrible  - It's weird 
- With the primary taste ending up being the caramel cake and the eggnog frosting  weird 
 primary taste ending caramel cake eggnog frosting  Caramel, lots of caramel. Eggnog! caramel lots caramel eggnog  - She's right. 
- Ro has had a moment of clarity. 
- She's right. 
- What?? 
- Yeah  shes right 
 ro moment clarity 
 shes right 
 
 yeah  Yeah yeah  Yes. Yes star Baker yes yes star baker  What what star baker star baker  The other tier that is confusing is the six-inch fruit coffee and matcha in the morning cake tier confusing sixinch fruit coffee matcha morning cake  Actually, it's growing on me. I actually kind of like the combo actually growing actually kind like combo  I think it started off kind of good then it got kind of bad and now it's okay think started kind good got kind bad okay  - But I'm not sure that Ro likes it. 
- I was like  im sure ro likes 
 like  - Orange Oh what's happening? 
- But since Tyler's on my side 
- The matcha is not bad  orange oh whats happening 
 since tylers side 
 matcha bad  I would actually say that was my favorite part of it would actually say favorite part  I think we're out voting Ro two to one and putting it in the middle category instead of sliding it down to our third category think voting ro two one putting middle category instead sliding third category  the cacophonous flavor combinations cacophonous flavor combinations  - Unfortunately our flavors found in a tropical climate tier ended up being kind of strange 
-that one  unfortunately flavors found tropical climate tier ended kind strange 
that one  - Tastes the most like a mashup cake of all of them so far
- Okay  tastes like mashup cake far
 okay  - You broke Ro 
- Now I don't think it tastes like orange juice and toothpaste but I might just have a high mint  broke ro 
 dont think tastes like orange juice toothpaste might high mint  - tolerance.I do not hate it nearly as much as Ro does. 
- I hate it.  
- Because Tyler hates it too.  tolerancei hate nearly much ro 
 hate  
 tyler hates  Maybe that's why I liked it maybe thats liked  -Now, this cake is not alone in this category 
- Saf is nopnig out right now 
- As the 8 inch cake alone category 
 saf nopnig right 
  inch  - lusty tier is also not great.  lusty tier also great  -The cinnamon is the primary cause of Ro's undoing 
- The aftertaste is so cinnamon primary cause ros undoing 
 aftertaste  - Cinnamony and so like huh?  cinnamony like huh  But underratedly, I think the champagne flavor is the one taking it to Funkytown underratedly think champagne flavor one taking funkytown  - So the overall taste is like a spicy jello shot. 
- I'm gonna call this cake the choker  overall taste like spicy jello shot 
 im gonna call cake choker  But hopefully the Franken-cupcake can wash that away. hopefully frankencupcake wash away  Now Ro actually doesn't know that it's a Franken-flavor ro actually doesnt know frankenflavor  So, let's see if she can give us an unbiased taste. lets see give us unbiased taste  What does it taste like? taste like  All right, Saf do you want to tell Ro? right saf want tell ro  - It's impossible to guess 
- What it actually is is all of these batters mixed together. 
- Oh, shut up. 
- Yeah  impossible guess 
 actually batters mixed together 
 oh shut 
 yeah  -Yeah, it's the Franken cupcake 
- Oh my god, it didn't actually taste bad 
- After trying it myself yeah franken cupcake 
 oh god didnt actually taste bad 
 trying  I think that Ro is right. It's definitely not bad. To me, it tasted like think ro right definitely bad tasted like  Vanilla, cinnamon, and lemon. But like a little deeper - not too sweet. And Tyler is actually a pretty big fan vanilla cinnamon lemon like little deeper  sweet tyler actually pretty big fan  - Little bit of matcha 
- There is like a depth to the flavor. 
- I think it's matcha  little bit matcha 
 like depth flavor 
 think matcha  Why am I saying that like I know what I'm talking about saying like know im talking  - Yeah, Ro and I know  
- it does 
- Just as a final test  yeah ro know  
 
 final test  We also mashed up pieces of our cake into a single spoonful or Franken bite, which Tyler tried also mashed pieces cake single spoonful franken bite tyler tried  and seemed to like seemed like  I'm sensing nutmeg. Nutmeg im sensing nutmeg nutmeg  mint mint  - Maybe a little lemon. 
- So there you have it. It tastes like something and a hint of lemon  maybe little lemon 
 tastes like something hint lemon  So with a pretty definite sugar crash inbound, that is our Franken wedding cake pretty definite sugar crash inbound franken wedding cake  Now I'm guessing this video is not going to end up being short, but regardless it won't actually reflect im guessing video going end short regardless wont actually reflect  Just how many hours this cake actually took to make. I think all in it probably took about many hours cake actually took make think probably took  72 waking hours of egg cracking and hand mixing  waking hours egg cracking hand mixing  Frosting and moving things in and out of industrial freezers frosting moving things industrial freezers  - Did anyone see that? 
- But in the end, I think we came out with one heck of a cake  anyone see 
 end think came one heck cake  I'm not sure this thing is gonna make a cameo at our wedding. Mostly because our hands have been all up in it im sure thing gonna make cameo wedding mostly hands  I can't promise you I haven't touched every part of this cake cant promise havent touched every part cake  So it probably wouldn't be kosher to give it to our guests probably wouldnt kosher give guests  But we now have frozen Franken cake and frankly ingredients for years frozen franken cake frankly ingredients years  So there will be many future sugar crashes to be had by us and our hard-working team at the hands of our creation many future sugar crashes us hardworking team hands creation  Once again a huge. Thank you to Ro our baking sensei huge thank ro baking sensei  without whom this Franken cake would have become a Russian nesting doll and also a huge without franken cake would become russian nesting doll also huge  Thank you to Tyler for agreeing to get all of our cake smashing impulses out now and not on our wedding day thank tyler agreeing get cake smashing impulses wedding day  - Alright, we're not doing that again 
- No? 
- Thank you guys so much for watching if you like that video  alright 
 
 thank guys much watching like video  Make sure to smash that like button and if you want to see more videos like this make sure smash like button want see videos like  Make sure to smash that subscribe button. A big shout out to Rachel for watching make sure smash subscribe button big shout rachel watching  Thanks for watching Rachel and we will see you guys next time thanks watching rachel see guys next time  (upbeat music)   - Hello friends and
welcome to another video.  hello friends and
welcome another video  Today we're going to be trying on today going trying  five historical wedding dresses, five historical wedding dresses  because I wanna play
dress up, just a little. wanna play
dress little  Now as some of you might know, might know  I am engaged, betrothed, affianced. engaged betrothed affianced  Am I going to say that at the beginning going say beginning  of every wedding related video? every wedding related video  Probably, and Tyler and I are in the midst probably tyler midst  of planning our own wedding, planning wedding  which by the time this video goes up time video goes  may have already happened. may already happened  We're In the last couple of weeks last couple weeks  of wedding planning over here. wedding planning  It's fine, I'm fine. fine im fine  But while we've been
planning our own wedding, weve been
planning wedding  the fashion history enthusiast
inside of me has become, fashion history enthusiast
inside become  has become more and more curious become curious  about weddings through the ages, weddings ages  and specifically wedding
dresses through the ages. specifically wedding
dresses ages  Because everyone knows
the best part of the everyone knows
the best part  wedding is the dress. wedding dress  Sorry Tyler, the marriage
part is good too. sorry tyler marriage
part good  Now people have been getting married people getting married  for a very long time, long time  since pretty much the
beginning of civilization, since pretty much the
beginning civilization  to consolidate resources
and secure inheritance, consolidate resources
and secure inheritance  for love, well, mostly the
consolidate resources part, love well mostly the
consolidate resources part  but also love, and what
people wore to their weddings also love what
people wore weddings  throughout history has vary greatly based throughout history vary greatly based  on cultural traditions and
changing fashion trends. cultural traditions and
changing fashion trends  Like an ancient Rome brides
used to wear yellow veils like ancient rome brides
used wear yellow veils  to represent white and warmth, represent white warmth  and in medieval Europe,
blue was a popular color medieval europe
blue popular color  for wedding dresses
because of its association wedding dresses
because association  with purity and the Virgin Mary. purity virgin mary  I've got a lot of these
kinds of facts up my sleeve. ive got lot these
kinds facts sleeve  In Tang dynasty era China, tang dynasty era china  people used to wear
green to their weddings. people used wear
green weddings  See, I told you. see told  So I thought it would be interesting thought would interesting  to try on a few vintage and, or vintage try vintage vintage  replica wedding dresses.
Probably from eras replica wedding dresses
probably eras  a little more recent than ancient Rome. little recent ancient rome  To get a peek into the wedding traditions get peek wedding traditions  and fashion trends of the time. fashion trends time  Now to do this, we chose five eras chose five eras  that we thought had fun thought fun  and different wedding dresses to try on. different wedding dresses try  And just a disclaimer, disclaimer  because there are so many different kinds many different kinds  of wedding dresses out there in the world, wedding dresses world  we decided to focus on mostly
Western wedding dresses decided focus mostly
western wedding dresses  from the last 150 years. last  years  Also, because we wanted to use authentic also wanted use authentic  like actually vintage wedding dresses, like actually vintage wedding dresses  most of them are no longer
tennis sneaker white. longer
tennis sneaker white  In fact, they're mostly cream. fact theyre mostly cream  Because well, they old, well old  and to not drag these
old wedding dresses out drag these
old wedding dresses  and about Los Angeles, we decided to get los angeles decided get  a legit filming space
just to protect them. legit filming space
just protect  So we are here on this
white cyc in the studio. this
white cyc studio  Just FYI, we're here. fyi  Now to help us achieve our historical help us achieve historical  wedding dress dreams, wedding dress dreams  we recruited a couple of professionals recruited couple professionals  to collaborate with us, collaborate us  someone to help us source the dresses. someone help us source dresses  This is Olivia, who is
our costume designer. olivia is
our costume designer  These are also some of
the dresses back here also of
the dresses back  so don't look at them. dont look  It's a surprise--
- Block them out, yeah! surprise
 block yeah  Yes, as well as someone to help us yes well someone help us  finish off our bridal looks. finish bridal looks  And this is Cici who's
gonna be doing the hair cici whos
gonna hair  and makeup today. makeup today  There are a lot of wigs
prepped to my left. lot wigs
prepped left  We're going to wig out. going wig  - [Tyler] Let's get wiggy with it!   lets get wiggy  - That's not bad.
- Yeah.  thats bad
 yeah  (group laughing)   - I like that.  like  And once we had everything
prepped and ready to go, everything
prepped ready go  it was time to get bridalfied. time get bridalfied  Our first dress took us all the way back first dress took us way back  to the late Victorian era. late victorian era  The 1890s to be specific  specific  for a seriously poofy
sleeved bridal moment. seriously poofy
sleeved bridal moment  I right now feel a little
bit like the murderous bride right feel little
bit like murderous bride  at the end of Disney's Haunted Mansion. end disneys haunted mansion  Till death do us part (laughs)! till death us part   We decided to start
with the Victorian era, decided start
with victorian era  because it's when white white  became the go-to bridal color for dresses, became goto bridal color dresses  as Queen Victoria herself set the trend queen victoria set trend  by wearing white to her wedding in 1840. wearing white wedding   Now that said for the
better part of the era said the
better part era  white fabric was still
kind of hard to come by, white fabric still
kind hard come  but by the 1890s improvements
in the textile industry  improvements
in textile industry  had made it a little more
affordable for the general public. made little more
affordable general public  So, all of the dresses, besides this one dresses besides one  are like authentic vintage
from the time period. like authentic vintage
from time period  We could not find an
1890s dress that would fit could find an
 dress would fit  my 2010's frame, so this
dress we did construct,  frame this
dress construct  and we did make it a
little creamier colored make a
little creamier colored  rather than just like stark white, rather like stark white  just so looked a little
closer to 125 years old. looked little
closer  years old  Now for this look, we
went with a full length, look we
went full length  long-sleeved, high-necked wedding gown longsleeved highnecked wedding gown  with a band at the waist and lacey ruff, band waist lacey ruff  as well as a white
bouquet with some foliage, well white
bouquet foliage  and a long classic tulle veil. long classic tulle veil  All right I think I'm
gonna de-veil myself. right think im
gonna deveil  - [Tyler] Do you need a hand?   need hand  Oh, avoid the boom mic,
avoid boom mic, and-- oh avoid boom mic
avoid boom mic  - Keep going.  keep going  - [Tyler] Medium success.   medium success  - Keep going.  keep going  - [Tyler] Good thing we don't have   good thing dont  to do this on our wedding day. wedding day  - Keep going.  keep going  Overall, I think this look
is actually pretty awesome. overall think look
is actually pretty awesome  I am a big fan of interesting
and dramatic sleeves big fan interesting
and dramatic sleeves  and I feel like this is
definitely one of those. feel like is
definitely one  - [Tyler] It looks like you're wearing   looks like youre wearing  pool floaties a little bit. pool floaties little bit  - I feel that vibe.  feel vibe  These giant poofy dudes
came back into fashion giant poofy dudes
came back fashion  in the early 1890s and we're
called leg-of-mutton sleeves, early  were
called legofmutton sleeves  which, yes, got their name yes got name  from the shapely buttocks of a sheep. shapely buttocks sheep  And were meant to be sort
of a menswear inspired look. meant sort
of menswear inspired look  - [Tyler] It's almost like
rendition of the travel pillow,   almost like
rendition travel pillow  where you just sleep on top of it. sleep top  - You mean I could just
take a nap on my sleeve--  mean could just
take nap sleeve  perhaps like this.
- Yeah. perhaps like this
 yeah  - I guess I could yeah.  guess could yeah  - [Tyler] Just throwing out ideas here.   throwing ideas  - No it's not the worst idea you've had.  worst idea youve  - Hammacher Schlemmer is considering it,  hammacher schlemmer considering  Sharper Image is considering it. sharper image considering  Sears said, no. sears said  The Victorian era was known for quickly victorian era known quickly  and constantly changing silhouettes, constantly changing silhouettes  but they all pretty much
had the same intended goal pretty much
had intended goal  of showing off, just how
much fabric you could afford showing how
much fabric could afford  and making your waist look small. making waist look small  I am not currently wearing a corset. currently wearing corset  I am wearing Spanx, the modern corset, wearing spanx modern corset  so that is making this dress situation making dress situation  probably a lot more comfortable for me. probably lot comfortable  As for my makeup, well, I'm
not wearing a lot of it, makeup well im
not wearing lot  which was reflective of
the Victorian perspective reflective of
the victorian perspective  on makeup in general. makeup general  You didn't want to look painted. didnt want look painted  You don't want to be a painted woman. dont want painted woman  - [Cici] You didn't want to look
like you're tricking anyone   didnt want look
like youre tricking anyone  into thinking that you were
something that you were not. thinking were
something  - That was the 1890s version   version  of take her swimming on the first date. take swimming first date  A lot of women's still
used beauty products lot womens still
used beauty products  but since buying and
applying makeup in public since buying and
applying makeup public  was a big no-no, a lot of makeup big nono lot makeup  and skincare was DIY. skincare diy  So you have things like
homemade toner and rouge things like
homemade toner rouge  and even homemade eyebrow pencils even homemade eyebrow pencils  made by burning cloves. made burning cloves  That is on fire. fire  - It is on fire.  fire  - Sort of like a vintage Instagram hack  sort like vintage instagram hack  or a Troom Troom video. troom troom video  Need to fill in your eyebrows? need fill eyebrows  It's not a problem anymore. problem anymore  The hair of the period
was sort of the opposite hair period
was sort opposite  of the makeup, as it was very
done up and clearly effortful. makeup very
done clearly effortful  Oh my word! oh word  And for ours we went with a curly style went curly style  piled on top of the
head with a few tendrils piled top the
head tendrils  cascading down the back. cascading back  - [Tyler] Slight mullet
vibes at the current time.   slight mullet
vibes current time  - There's nothing wrong with mullet vibes.  theres nothing wrong mullet vibes  Now just like a mullet
is business in the front like mullet
is business front  and party in the back, party back  the Victorian era was austere to begin victorian era austere begin  and started getting a little
more fun near the end. started getting little
more fun near end  In fact, the 1890s were
dubbed the gay '90s, fact  were
dubbed gay   which at the time translated to fun '90s, time translated fun   as the strict social
codes of the time loosened strict social
codes time loosened  and women started doing
more things outside of home. women started doing
more things outside home  I mean just look at how
much fun they're having. mean look how
much fun theyre  They've got like an obstacle course going. theyve got like obstacle course going  Weddings also became more fun weddings also became fun  as celebrations evolved
from somber church affairs celebrations evolved
from somber church affairs  to like actual parties that
you would have at your house, like actual parties that
you would house  with food and games and
maybe a little dancing. food games and
maybe little dancing  I could really nail a
chicken dance in this thing. could really nail a
chicken dance thing  - [Tyler] You would crush it!   would crush  - I'm crushing it right now,  im crushing right  even half assedly, I'm crushing it. even half assedly im crushing  Probably not a chicken dance, probably chicken dance  though I can't say that for sure. though cant say sure  Apparently throwing shoes apparently throwing shoes  at the newly married couple was also a fun newly married couple also fun  1890s wedding tradition,  wedding tradition  but since I didn't want to ruin my dress since didnt want ruin dress  or get a black eye, we
stuck with some rice. get black eye we
stuck rice  - [Woman] All right grab a little more.   right grab little  (rice clattering)   - That's what I'm talkin' about.  thats im talkin  (Tyler laughing)   That was a good throw. good throw  - [Tyler] There's some in your hair.   theres hair  - Yeah, that's why we did this last.  yeah thats last  All right, now we're
gonna have to vacuum that, right were
gonna vacuum  but I would say it was worth it. would say worth  Now for our next look, bye! next look bye  - [Tyler] See ya!   see ya  - We jumped forward about 30 years.  jumped forward  years  So it this is my 1920s bridal look.  bridal look  I thought we had to try on a '20s dress, thought try  dress  because pretty much everything pretty much everything  about the '20s fashion-wise and otherwise  fashionwise otherwise  was completely new. completely new  It's by the end of the 19th century, end h century  social codes had started to loosen. social codes started loosen  By the 1920s of corset was off  corset  with the emergence of the newly
independent flapper girls, emergence newly
independent flapper girls  hitting the town and the speakeasies hitting town speakeasies  in their short hair and short hemlines. short hair short hemlines  And flop or fashion, flop fashion  it definitely bled into bridal fashion, definitely bled bridal fashion  as you can see with my
scandalously exposed ankles. see my
scandalously exposed ankles  - [Tyler] It's extremely inappropriate.   extremely inappropriate  (woman laughing)   I would have highly offended would highly offended  the previous version of myself, previous version  as well as my Great Gatsby
style dangly jewelry. well great gatsby
style dangly jewelry  - [Tyler] I think that the earrings   think earrings  make you look pretty
ready to like gallavant make look pretty
ready like gallavant  around Long Island Sound around long island sound  - [Safiya] East Egg, West Egg.   east egg west egg  - Is that what--
- Whatever egg it is.  what
 whatever egg  - Hard boiled egg, yeah!  hard boiled egg yeah  - Hard boiled egg.  hard boiled egg  I am Safiya of hard boiled egg. safiya hard boiled egg  Besides a shocking ankle reveal, besides shocking ankle reveal  our look included a loose
long-sleeved lacy dress. look included loose
longsleeved lacy dress  There's not a low waistline. theres low waistline  There's no waistline. theres waistline  T-strap shoes, pantyhose,
a half-moon manicure, tstrap shoes pantyhose
a halfmoon manicure  a large gathered veil
and a lacy headpiece. large gathered veil
and lacy headpiece  In general I am loving this look. general loving look  I love the little hat-crown situation, love little hatcrown situation  and also, oh my God! also oh god  - [Tyler] Veil down, veil down.   veil veil  - Head gear was a pretty key
element of the 1920s look,  head gear pretty key
element  look  and many brides incorporated that many brides incorporated  into their wedding day. wedding day  Oftentimes pairing it with very long, oftentimes pairing long  Juliet cap-style veils. juliet capstyle veils  This is like sort of an interesting mix like sort interesting mix  of like a crown and like
a small '20s like hat. like crown like
a small  like hat  It's like a trident on my head. like trident head  Now the clear elephant in the
room is the giant bouquet. clear elephant the
room giant bouquet  This bouquet is so big and heavy (laughs) bouquet big heavy   I don't know what to do. dont know  Oh my God, I'm nervous it's gonna like oh god im nervous gonna like  drag on the ground. drag ground  1920s' bouquets were often very large.  bouquets often large  Just need like a firm grip on it. need like firm grip  - [Tyler] Yeah.   yeah  It's pretty girthy, with cascading details pretty girthy cascading details  like ribbons, bows and
or even more flowers. like ribbons bows and
or even flowers  - [Tyler] It's kind of like
a ball and chain, right?   kind like
a ball chain right  - Interestingly enough, in
the 1920s engagement rings  interestingly enough in
the  engagement rings  were referred to as handcuffs. referred handcuffs  - [Tyler] I will abstain from
saying anything (laughs).   abstain from
saying anything   (Safiya hisses)   No, just kidding.
- Watch it! kidding
 watch  - No, just kidding (laughs).  kidding   Bank's closed. banks closed  So I sort of took turns holding it sort took turns holding  and not holding it because
I wasn't quite prepared holding because
i wasnt quite prepared  for the sheer mass of it. sheer mass  - [Tyler] Here we go, let's see.   go lets see  Oh that's weighty. oh thats weighty  That's weighty, that'll
get your forearm strong. thats weighty thatll
get forearm strong  - Yeah.  yeah  - Forget the shake weight.  forget shake weight  That's all you need right there. thats need right  - Now for the face, the trend in the '20s  face trend   was pretty much the complete opposite pretty much complete opposite  of the Victorian era, victorian era  as women started embracing makeup publicly women started embracing makeup publicly  for the very first time. first time  - All the makeup was a bit rounded.  makeup bit rounded  The eyes were rounded. eyes rounded  The cheeks are rounded. cheeks rounded  Even the lips were rounded
into that cupid's bow look. even lips rounded
into cupids bow look  - The movie industry was booming.  movie industry booming  And whereas actresses had previously whereas actresses previously  been considered women of ill-repute, considered women illrepute  silent movie stars were idolized silent movie stars idolized  and used as spokespeople
for the burgeoning used spokespeople
for burgeoning  makeup industry and things
like thin arched eyebrows makeup industry things
like thin arched eyebrows  which stars used to express
emotion without talking. stars used express
emotion without talking  Wow! wow  - [Tyler] They're skinny.   theyre skinny  - They're skinty.  theyre skinty  And dark lipstick used
because lighter lipstick dark lipstick used
because lighter lipstick  would turn out gray on screen, would turn gray screen  all became trends for
everyday women as well. became trends for
everyday women well  My mouth shape looks so different. mouth shape looks different  It's kind of tripping me out actually. kind tripping actually  And so we couldn't help trying couldnt help trying  some silent movie acting ourselves. silent movie acting  - [Tyler] You have acid
indigestion (laughs).   acid
indigestion   - It's that old-school
Pepto-Bismol commercial.  oldschool
peptobismol commercial  - [Tyler] Yeah, no, I'm gonna
give you commercial thoughts.   yeah im gonna
give commercial thoughts  - [Safiya] With a variety of props--   variety props  - [Tyler] You just say 15% or
more on your car insurance.   say  or
more car insurance  But you don't even know what a car is. dont even know car  - No there were cars, hey!  cars hey  - [Tyler] Hey wait, I can't hear you.   hey wait cant hear  - Oh, that's a 1920s version of shook.  oh thats  version shook  (Tyler laughing)   Besides the makeup, bobbed hair was also besides makeup bobbed hair also  a new and thoroughly modern look new thoroughly modern look  which many women adopted. many women adopted  I think what's interesting to me think whats interesting  about the '20s in general,  general  is how just like
everything was subversive. like
everything subversive  - [Tyler] Yeah.   yeah  - It's like short hair, edgy.  like short hair edgy  Wearing makeup, edgy. wearing makeup edgy  Showing your ankles, edgy. showing ankles edgy  And following that theme
weddings also experienced following theme
weddings also experienced  a bit of a shake up as
courthouse ceremonies bit shake as
courthouse ceremonies  and elopements became more
socially acceptable choices. elopements became more
socially acceptable choices  Another cool thing about
weddings in the 1920s, another cool thing about
weddings   is that ladies started walking themselves ladies started walking  down the aisle for the first time, aisle first time  which kind of makes sense. kind makes sense  You need room for the bouquet. need room bouquet  Though despite these new
casual wedding options, though despite new
casual wedding options  one has to imagine that
in the roaring '20s, one imagine that
in roaring   there were still some raging parties. still raging parties  - [Tyler] Are you doing the Carlton?   carlton  - The Carlton?  carlton  "Am I doing the the Carlton," he asks. carlton asks  Though I was a little
nervous about partying though little
nervous partying  with my precarious tiara. precarious tiara  I'm almost doing like an
Irish step dance version im almost like an
irish step dance version  of the Charleston where I'm like charleston im like  don't move the upper body. dont move upper body  And we certainly we're not
gonna be doing the Carlton. certainly not
gonna carlton  - [Tyler] Oh, oh here it comes.   oh oh comes  And cut. cut  - Got it.  got  (Tyler laughs)   So after exploring the '20s, exploring   our next step through history next step history  brings us to the 1940s with this jazzy brings us  jazzy  knee length shoulder padded look. knee length shoulder padded look  I feel very, like, I guess, feel like guess  is swanky an appropriate word? swanky appropriate word  I feel really like hmm. feel really like hmm  Now, of course, in the
first half of the 1940s course the
first half   people around the world people around world  were greatly affected by World War Two. greatly affected world war two  And wartime had some
pretty dramatic effects wartime some
pretty dramatic effects  on marriage and weddings and fashion. marriage weddings fashion  I think that there was a
fair amount of variation think a
fair amount variation  in wedding dresses in the '40s, wedding dresses   depending on when and where depending  and how quickly you were getting married. quickly getting married  There are some more full
length gowny-type situations, full
length gownytype situations  and then there are some
more casual wedding dresses. some
more casual wedding dresses  A lot of people were
trying to tie the knot lot people were
trying tie knot  but didn't have a lot of time or materials didnt lot time materials  with unpredictable
soldiers leave schedules unpredictable
soldiers leave schedules  and rationing, or the diverting rationing diverting  of resources to the military. resources military  So they have to make do
with what they could. make do
with could  For example, our dress is more example dress  of a Sunday's best courthouse
appropriate situation. sundays best courthouse
appropriate situation  I actually really love this dress. actually really love dress  I love the shoulder pad. love shoulder pad  I love the little like, love little like  I don't even know what
this is, like apron, dont even know what
this like apron  and the belt also is
very nice and cinchie. belt also is
very nice cinchie  Shoulder pads were a common
fixture in a '40s style, shoulder pads common
fixture  style  mirroring menswear as
women entered the workforce mirroring menswear as
women entered workforce  to fill in for soldiers overseas. fill soldiers overseas  There is also a really
cool thing on my butt. also really
cool thing butt  What is it?  It's literally a curtain for my booty. literally curtain booty  - [Tyler] Just imagine like the MGM lion   imagine like mgm lion  just roaring right there. roaring right  - Exactly.
- Yes.  exactly
 yes  - Right out of my butt.  right butt  (Tyler (laughing)   Besides that, we also have besides also  an intricate neckline situation going on. intricate neckline situation going  The '40s is also when bullet bras  also bullet bras  and pointy boobed sweater
girls were in fashion. pointy boobed sweater
girls fashion  So maybe they're trying to create maybe theyre trying create  like a literal just pointy shelf. like literal pointy shelf  It's just like it's very, it's square. like square  Aside from our dress, aside dress  we also went with some pearl jewelry also went pearl jewelry  and also appropriate for the
'40s, half moon manicure, also appropriate the
 half moon manicure  a small bouquet of white flowers small bouquet white flowers  and an elbow length triangular veil elbow length triangular veil  on the back of my head back head  - 'Cause we don't got time  cause dont got time  for one of those long train veils. one long train veils  - Ain't nobody got time for that.  aint nobody got time  - [Tyler] We gotta get to the courthouse.   gotta get courthouse  - Underneath the veil for my hair,  underneath veil hair  we went with a sort of variation went sort variation  on victory rolls with a
less of a defined roll shape victory rolls a
less defined roll shape  and more of just like
coiffed volume atop my head, like
coiffed volume atop head  with a little carnation on top. little carnation top  - Ooh, she's ready to rock  ooh shes ready rock  - I'm feelin' it, I'm feelin' myself.  im feelin im feelin  Now, by the 1940s makeup was no longer  makeup longer  the radical statement of a modern woman, radical statement modern woman  and had become a staple of
everyday fashion and grooming, become staple of
everyday fashion grooming  and the makeup item of
the decade was lipstick. makeup item of
the decade lipstick  It's so interesting how lipstick was used interesting lipstick used  as a sign of patriotism. sign patriotism  In particular, the US
government encouraged women particular us
government encouraged women  to wear victory red lipstick wear victory red lipstick  to boost morale and vibrant lip colors boost morale vibrant lip colors  were used to kiss letters sent used kiss letters sent  to soldier sweethearts overseas. soldier sweethearts overseas  - [Cici] By the late 1940s,
90% of women used lipstick.   late 
 women used lipstick  - Interestingly enough lipstick  interestingly enough lipstick  was also one of the few items also one items  that escaped rationing
in the US during the war, escaped rationing
in us war  unlike a lot of the other things unlike lot things  you needed for a wedding. needed wedding  For instance, there wasn't a lot of silk instance wasnt lot silk  to make wedding dresses out of, make wedding dresses  since they were using that
silk to make parachutes. since using that
silk make parachutes  This led not only to
shorter and smaller dresses, led to
shorter smaller dresses  but also to more DIY or hand-me down ones. also diy handme ones  You wear your friend's
dress or your mom's dress wear friends
dress moms dress  or a dress that you already had dress already  and rationing became a big part rationing became big part  of everyday life and culture. everyday life culture  - [Emily] Apparently if you say,   apparently say  "Hi sugar, are you rationed?." hi sugar rationed  It means, are you going steady? means going steady  Are you dating someone? dating someone  - Ooh, you know, I'm about
to be rationed for life.  ooh know im about
to rationed life  - [Tyler] Yeah!   yeah  - You didn't like that?  didnt like  - [Tyler] Yeah, I liked it
(giggles), I was gonna say.   yeah liked it
 gonna say  - You're the one who has to like it so.  youre one like  Besides rationing though, besides rationing though  it seemed like smaller dresses seemed like smaller dresses  were also popular because they literally also popular literally  allowed you to be more mobile. allowed mobile  From everything I've read it seems like everything ive read seems like  there were short windows in
time when soldiers were home. short windows in
time soldiers home  So literally people
wrote that having a dress literally people
wrote dress  that could easily get on a bicycle could easily get bicycle  to go to the courthouse
fast was imperative. go courthouse
fast imperative  Not only one weddings planned quickly, one weddings planned quickly  the speed of the wedding
itself was important, speed wedding
itself important  so your sweetheart didn't get called back sweetheart didnt get called back  to service suddenly before
the license could be signed. service suddenly before
the license could signed  - [Tyler] You look ready to rock!   look ready rock  You look like you could be a speedy bride. look like could speedy bride  - I feel speedy.  feel speedy  - [Tyler] You can just jog down aisle.   jog aisle  - Cash me outside, how about that?  cash outside  I will say that this
dress is more aerodynamic say this
dress aerodynamic  than the previous two. previous two  Me on the bicycle. bicycle  But although the weddings
were supposed to be fast, although weddings
were supposed fast  they were also supposed to be fun, also supposed fun  highlighted with lots of
big band music and dancing. highlighted lots of
big band music dancing  You see me with different hair colors see different hair colors  like Christina Aguilera from Candyman. like christina aguilera candyman  But unfortunately, neither Tyler unfortunately neither tyler  nor I really know how to do the Lindy Hop. really know lindy hop  - Hi.  hi  - You're sweaty (laughs).  youre sweaty   I can smell you from here. smell  - [Tyler] Okay, okay.   okay okay  (Safiya laughing)   - It's okay, don't smell very good either.  okay dont smell good either  I've been wearing a lot
of old dresses in a row. ive wearing lot
of old dresses row  We're just smelly, that's why we have smelly thats  to marry each other (laughs). marry   Regardless of our swing dancing ability regardless swing dancing ability  for our next outfit,
we swung into the '60s next outfit
we swung   for a mini-skirted fashion
forward wedding look. miniskirted fashion
forward wedding look  There are so many things
happening right now. many things
happening right  Number one on my mind is my giant hair, number one mind giant hair  followed closely by my giant earrings, followed closely giant earrings  and then giant faux fur coat. giant faux fur coat  1960s fashion, including but not limited  fashion including limited  to bridal fashion, was all over the place, bridal fashion place  with many different
styles entering the mix, many different
styles entering mix  as well as a lot of people looking well lot people looking  to express themselves
through their clothing. express themselves
through clothing  Similar to the 1920s, one of
the flagship fashion things similar  one of
the flagship fashion things  about the '60s is the hemline,  hemline  and that is that it went up. went  The miniskirt was a
trademark of the mod style miniskirt a
trademark mod style  which when it first started off, first started  stood for fans of modernist jazz, stood fans modernist jazz  but eventually became synonymous eventually became synonymous  with modern fashionable young people modern fashionable young people  of which style icon
Twiggy was the queen bee. style icon
twiggy queen bee  - [Tyler] The Twiggs (laughs).   twiggs   - The the return of to Thiccy.  return thiccy  Thiccy Two electric boogaloo. thiccy two electric boogaloo  And the mini, as like the
silhouette of the future mini like the
silhouette future  became so widespread that many brides became widespread many brides  in the '60s opted for
a short wedding dress  opted for
a short wedding dress  to make a pretty bold fashion statement. make pretty bold fashion statement  This look in particular look particular  is inspired specifically by
Raquel Welch's wedding look, inspired specifically by
raquel welchs wedding look  in which she wore a lacy
or crocheted mini dress wore lacy
or crocheted mini dress  and a big faux fur jacket. big faux fur jacket  But besides the miniskirt, besides miniskirt  there were also a lot of other things also lot things  going on with '60s bridal fashion. going  bridal fashion  Now I think something
about '60s wedding dresses, think something
about  wedding dresses  was that pretty much anything went. pretty much anything went  Like colorful wedding dresses, like colorful wedding dresses  space race inspired
looks, very floral dresses space race inspired
looks floral dresses  amongst many, many others, amongst many many others  including what I can only describe including describe  as a crocheted condom. crocheted condom  And yes, that was supposed
to be a wedding dress. yes supposed
to wedding dress  You look like a little,
like this, basically, look like little
like basically  with your little head stickin' out. little head stickin  Now besides the mini
length of my lacy dress besides mini
length lacy dress  this look also included some blocky heels, look also included blocky heels  sizable geometric dangly earrings, sizable geometric dangly earrings  a small bouquet of daisies small bouquet daisies  and a large cream colored fuzzy jacket. large cream colored fuzzy jacket  I think the faux fur jacket, think faux fur jacket  besides being appropriate besides appropriate  for a late fall wedding (snickers) late fall wedding   is also very '60s-ish
because there was a sort also ish
because sort  of obsession--
- Affinity? obsession
 affinity  - Affinity for furs because
of a few different movies  affinity furs because
of different movies  including Dr. Zhivago--
- Yeah. including dr zhivago
 yeah  - Zhivago.
- One of the two.  zhivago
 one two  - Trivago, which was a super popular movie  trivago super popular movie  set in early 20th century Russia. set early h century russia  So there were a lot of furs being worn. lot furs worn  Jacket, Zhivago, hotel, Trivago. jacket zhivago hotel trivago  (Tyler laughing)   Is that right? right  Now for my face, we tried to recreate face tried recreate  a version of Priscilla
Presley's wedding makeup look, version priscilla
presleys wedding makeup look  which features an
intricate double eyeliner, features an
intricate double eyeliner  cut crease situation, as well
as some big old fake flashes. cut crease situation well
as big old fake flashes  Ooh, that's cool. ooh thats cool  - You have dolly eyes.  dolly eyes  - To top off our makeup look,  top makeup look  we also added a light pink lipstick also added light pink lipstick  as lighter colors and even white lipstick lighter colors even white lipstick  were super-in during the time. superin time  - Frosted was very popular also.  frosted popular also  - Frosted lips, frosted
tips, just kidding.  frosted lips frosted
tips kidding  That was later. later  That was '90s.   Now as for the other fuzzy
part of the look, my hair, fuzzy
part look hair  we went with a long sort of bouffanted went long sort bouffanted  in the back situation. back situation  Oooh! oooh  (Safiya laughing)   Ooh, ooh, ooh. ooh ooh ooh  - Priscilla is that you?  priscilla  - Which as you can tell,  tell  ended up very, very, teased and tall. ended teased tall  Oh sorry.
- '60s are back y'all. oh sorry
  back yall  (laughing together)   - By Priscilla Presley,
did you mean Tracy Turnblad?  priscilla presley
did mean tracy turnblad  (laughing together)   And besides having
actual roots in reality, besides having
actual roots reality  my hair was also giving off
some Austin Powers vibes. hair also giving off
some austin powers vibes  - [Tyler] Kinda like fembot hairstyle.   kinda like fembot hairstyle  (Safiya laughing)   We did fail to equip my boobs fail equip boobs  with actual rocket launchers. actual rocket launchers  - [Cici] I love it!   love  - Though that's probably for the best.  though thats probably best  I like this look a lot. like look lot  I don't necessarily feel like dont necessarily feel like  I'm wearing a wedding look im wearing wedding look  but I do feel very
1960s, exceedingly 1960s. feel very
 exceedingly   In general, I felt sort of
like a jet setting bride general felt sort of
like jet setting bride  with my, I want to wear a miniskirt want wear miniskirt  but the Pan Am jet is cold-look pan jet coldlook  but Tyler thought I looked
more like a sea faring bride. tyler thought looked
more like sea faring bride  - [Tyler] You look like you could   look like could  be on Gilligan's Island. gilligans island  - What's her name, Ginger?  whats name ginger  - [Tyler] You could be Ginger,   could ginger  - But that's more tropical.  thats tropical  This is more Russia. russia  - [Tyler] So you can go
to Gilligan's Tundra.   go
to gilligans tundra  - Gilligan's Tundra.  gilligans tundra  That is the sitcom that I star in, sitcom star  coming to YouTube Premium next fall, maybe. coming youtube premium next fall maybe  So for our final bridal outfit, final bridal outfit  we went with this very subtle 1980s look. went subtle  look  Just kidding it's obviously crazy. kidding obviously crazy  I am so covered in beads and pearls, covered beads pearls  I don't know what to do. dont know  I'm just, it's just, it's all over me. im  What to react to truly?
- It's a lot. react truly
 lot  - The 1980s are a very
big decade for fashion.   very
big decade fashion  sorry I meant a decade
for very big fashion, sorry meant decade
for big fashion  as everything got larger and brighter, everything got larger brighter  from hair to blazers, to eyeshadow, hair blazers eyeshadow  to dresses to well,
everything, just everything. dresses well
everything everything  And bridal fashion was no exception. bridal fashion exception  As gowns got poofier,
rufflier and blingier. gowns got poofier
rufflier blingier  If I was wearing this on our wedding day wearing wedding day  would you still marry me? would still marry  - [Tyler] Hard yes.   hard yes  (laughing together)   Oh, I'm sorry no, hard "I do." oh im sorry hard  (laughing together)   - Now this look includes a colorful  look includes colorful  pink and yellow bouquet, a
giant headpiece situation pink yellow bouquet a
giant headpiece situation  that we'll talk about in a second, well talk second  and a high necked, long
sleeved, beaded mermaid style, high necked long
sleeved beaded mermaid style  satin finished dress. satin finished dress  It's kind of hilarious to me kind hilarious  that all the other dresses have like dresses like  aged naturally over the years, aged naturally years  and this dress is still white! dress still white  It's a lot younger than the '20s dress lot younger  dress  but I'm not sure it will ever beige. im sure ever beige  - Olivia, what do you think
this dress is made out of?  olivia think
this dress made  - Oooh.  oooh  Pastiche of polyester. pastiche polyester  - Oh pastiche of polyester, there we go.  oh pastiche polyester go  - [Tyler] It's like a Twinkie.   like twinkie  (laughing together)   It's gonna be here with the cockroaches. gonna cockroaches  - This dress will outlive us all.  dress outlive us  - [Tyler] Definitely.   definitely  - Now, our look was inspired
by this wedding shoot  look inspired
by wedding shoot  that Cindy Crawford did that blessed us cindy crawford blessed us  with many an epic '80s
bridal fashion moment. many epic 
bridal fashion moment  But I think that most
1980s matrimonial style think most
 matrimonial style  was inspired by Princess Diana. inspired princess diana  Her 1981 royal wedding garnered
750 million live viewers,  royal wedding garnered
 million live viewers  and people around the world people around world  adored her ruffly wedding gown adored ruffly wedding gown  and record breaking train, record breaking train  even if they did take
the look and run with it, even take
the look run  to more rhinestoned places. rhinestoned places  Something that's kind of
funny about this dress something thats kind of
funny dress  is that the sleeves are
slight leg of mutton sleeves. sleeves are
slight leg mutton sleeves  So there is kind of like
a return to traditional kind like
a return traditional  or Victorian looks
incorporated into this dress, victorian looks
incorporated dress  but '80s-fied. fied  Interestingly enough, Diana
had notably been inspired interestingly enough diana
had notably inspired  by the bridal looks of
royal family members bridal looks of
royal family members  past for her gown, so it's all
kind of coming full circle. past gown all
kind coming full circle  It's the circle of sheep butt. circle sheep butt  As for my head, we ended up using my hair head ended using hair  as a latch for the veil situation latch veil situation  and put it up in a top
bun, no sock involved, put top
bun sock involved  all natural bun action. natural bun action  - All natural bun action.  natural bun action  - And for the makeup, we decided to go  makeup decided go  with soft washes of color, soft washes color  like a violet for the eyes, like violet eyes  smoked out eyeliner blended out contour. smoked eyeliner blended contour  Yes, chisel the double-chin, yes. yes chisel doublechin yes  And sweeping pink blush,
all over the cheeks, sweeping pink blush
all cheeks  which brings us to
what's on top of my head, brings us to
whats top head  which is this thing,
it's the Bret Michaels thing
its bret michaels  of veils, for sure. veils sure  Cici constructed our
headpiece in two parts, cici constructed our
headpiece two parts  the tulle part in the back... tulle part back  It's literally-- literally  - [Cici] On top of the bun.   top bun  - A giant like Christmas bow  giant like christmas bow  (Tyler laughing)   on top of my head. top head  And the lace headband with flowers lace headband flowers  and cascading beads in the front. cascading beads front  - Oh my Lanta.  oh lanta  This is amazing. amazing  Yeah, these are all made yeah made  from stuff from Michael's. stuff michaels  So, you know, get your craft on! know get craft  - Every item from Michael's
hot glued together.  every item michaels
hot glued together  - [Tyler] This is a Franken-Michael's.   frankenmichaels  - [Safiya] Besides the head piece,   besides head piece  the other element of the outfit element outfit  that really put's over the top, really puts top  is the detachable train. detachable train  - [Tyler] Is the train heavy Saf?   train heavy saf  Could you make it down an aisle Safiya. could make aisle safiya  - Oh no, it's actually not that heavy.  oh actually heavy  It is a little bit like playing little bit like playing  a game of snake with myself, game snake  like I don't want to step on my own train. like dont want step train  - [Tyler] No that'd be bad.   thatd bad  - But besides that, I feel good about it.  besides feel good  Which ostensibly comes
off for partying purposes. ostensibly comes
off partying purposes  Overall, though it's hard
to say with a modern eye, overall though hard
to say modern eye  I do think this dress is pretty awesome. think dress pretty awesome  What I'll say is I'm
definitely enjoying myself ill say im
definitely enjoying  wearing this, but if it looks good or not wearing looks good  is a question that could be asked. question could asked  - [Tyler] I like the pseudo bride ninja   like pseudo bride ninja  because the headband, it
looks like you could do headband it
looks like could  a flying crane kick
and knock somebody out. flying crane kick
and knock somebody  - I see where you're going with that,  see youre going  but it is probably the
least stealthy outfit probably the
least stealthy outfit  anyone could ever wear. anyone could ever wear  I'm like a cat with a bell on its neck. im like cat bell neck  You could find me, because
if it's not the rustling could find because
if rustling  of the polyester that gives it away, polyester gives away  It might be the brief electric guitar solo might brief electric guitar solo  that plays every time
this dress enters a room. plays every time
this dress enters room  - [Tyler] All right waddle this way.   right waddle way  That's the wedding
version of walk this way. thats wedding
version walk way  (Safiya laughing)   - So those were our wedding
dresses through history.  wedding
dresses history  I had a real blast putting
these looks together real blast putting
these looks together  with the help of our
wonderful costume designer help our
wonderful costume designer  and makeup artist, and I
thought it was super-cool makeup artist i
thought supercool  tracking how bridal style has evolved tracking bridal style evolved  over nearly 150 years. nearly  years  In particular, I think it's interesting particular think interesting  how things fluctuate and get recycled, things fluctuate get recycled  like hems go up and down
and sleeves get puffed like hems go down
and sleeves get puffed  and then deflated and then reinflated, deflated reinflated  because as social decorum
and tastes change, social decorum
and tastes change  fashion kind of does a circle. fashion kind circle  It's also interesting how certain things also interesting certain things  like veils and bouquets
are always included like veils bouquets
are always included  in bridal looks but change
in small ways over time. bridal looks change
in small ways time  Overall, it's hard for me to pick overall hard pick  just one favorite look from the bunch. one favorite look bunch  Though I will say I'm
partial to the silhouette though say im
partial silhouette  of the '40s dress and to
the veil of the '80s look.  dress to
the veil  look  None of them will really
reflect the style of the dress none really
reflect style dress  that I've chosen for my wedding, ive chosen wedding  but they do make me feel confident make feel confident  that in a 100% wedding fire drill,  wedding fire drill  as in if my dress just implodes, dress implodes  I can throw one of these on throw one  and have a last minute themed wedding. last minute themed wedding  I mean, hopefully that doesn't happen, mean hopefully doesnt happen  but Tyler did say he
likes The Karate Kid veil. tyler say he
likes karate kid veil  Thank you guys so much for
watching and once again, thank guys much for
watching  a huge thank you to Olivia,
Cici and our friends huge thank olivia
cici friends  at GingerSnap Florals
for helping us achieve gingersnap florals
for helping us achieve  our historical wedding dress dreams. historical wedding dress dreams  If you liked that video make sure to liked video make sure  smash that like button
and if you wanna see smash like button
and wanna see  more videos like this, make sure to smash videos like make sure smash  that subscribe button. subscribe button  A big shout out to Anica for watching. big shout anica watching  Thanks for watching Anica thanks watching anica  and I will see you guys next time! see guys next time  *Dope intro* dope intro  Hello friends and welcome to another video! hello friends welcome another video  This week we're gonna be mixing up custom nail polish colors with Cristine   from Simply Nailogical. week gonna mixing custom nail polish colors cristine   simply nailogical  [Cristine:] Holo there,  and welcome to another video!  holo  welcome another video  [Saf:] For those of you who saw her "Giving Safiya Wedding Nails" video in July, this is our half of the collab.  saw giving safiya wedding nails video july half collab  -We're a little late. 
-[Tyler:] Yea, just a little. 
- [Saf:] I'm getting paid for this right? 
- [Cristine] I promote your wedding, little late 
 yea little 
  im getting paid right 
  promote wedding  You promote my nail polish. promote nail polish  [Saf:] So previously on our channel, we have gotten a lot of custom stuff,  previously channel gotten lot custom stuff  Like mixing up custom lipstick colors at the Bite Lip lab, two of which are part of our color pop collab (restock coming soon!) like mixing custom lipstick colors bite lip lab two part color pop collab   [Ty] Real Organic  real organic  And we've also gotten custom shampoo, foundation, mascara, and clothing from this weird suit weve also gotten custom shampoo foundation mascara clothing weird suit  So when I saw that ORLY had opened up a custom nail polish mixing bar in LA saw orly opened custom nail polish mixing bar la  I thought that, since Cristine was going to be dragging her FROZEN butt out of Ottawa for VidCon, we had to go together thought since cristine going dragging frozen butt ottawa vidcon go together  I mean we both have some experience mixing up our own cosmetic concoctions mean experience mixing cosmetic concoctions  - [Cristine] Ben! Come have a sip! I made you something special Ben.
 - [Ben] No, I'm good thanks   ben come sip made something special ben
   im good thanks  [Saf] And Cristine used to make videos about nail art  cristine used make videos nail art  - [Cristine]  This is a nail art channel in case you forgot. What the hell else would you subscribe for?    nail art channel case forgot hell else would subscribe  So it seemed like a perfect activity for the two of us: mixing + nail polish + adult supervision seemed like perfect activity two us mixing  nail polish  adult supervision  (Safiya cackles)   Be safe with blowtorches, kids safe blowtorches kids  Alright alright  So with that to the ORLY color lab we go orly color lab go  Or I guess we went guess went  So I made us an appointment at the ORLY mixing bar in West Hollywood made us appointment orly mixing bar west hollywood  In the early afternoon on a weekday just so we hopefully wouldn't disturb too many other patrons and um early afternoon weekday hopefully wouldnt disturb many patrons um  We're just standing behind this desk because I think the lighting is better at this angle standing behind desk think lighting better angle  [Cristine] Welcome  welcome  [Safiya] Yeah, we're welcoming people into the store now. It's our new job. We work here now. We live here now.  yeah welcoming people store new job work live  Because we do have a tendency to disturb the peace. tendency disturb peace  Wait, am I allowed to be here? wait allowed  Now for context Cristine does have her own nail polish line "Holo Taco", which is what we're talking about. context cristine nail polish line holo taco talking  I guess I'm gonna be plugging a lot of things in this video, Cristine's nail polish, our Franken-Lipstick collab and guess im gonna plugging lot things video cristines nail polish frankenlipstick collab  ORLY is also a company that exists. This is not sponsored, orly also company exists sponsored  but they did let us film there. 
- [Cristine] I don't work here. There's no affiliation. let us film 
  dont work theres affiliation  - [Cristine] This is not a conflict of interest is this? 
- [Safiya] You tell me, man. I think you're in charge here.   conflict interest 
  tell man think youre charge  - [Cristine] Oh god. 
- [Safiya] so anyway   oh god 
  anyway  the way they make your custom nail polish at ORLY is that they have bottles filled with different colors of way make custom nail polish orly bottles filled different colors  Polish that they squirt into a cup and stir together polish squirt cup stir together  To whip up your shade,  from there whip shade   You can make adjustments to the color as well as add any extra fixings like shimmer or pearl make adjustments color well add extra fixings like shimmer pearl  [Safiya] I was thinking maybe we should do one for each of us and then we should do a third color in which we just mix all of the possible colors they have  thinking maybe one us third color mix possible colors  - [Safiya] Together to see what happens 
- [Cristine] you can't help yourself can you?   together see happens 
  cant help  So with that plan in mind it was time for us to get our sh*t together and start a mixin' plan mind time us get sht together start mixin  [Safiya] I'm eating my hair right now. I feel like a mess today Cristine. Will you help me make this video?  im eating hair right feel like mess today cristine help make video  [Cristine] I don't know if I'll be able to help with that  dont know ill able help  [Safiya] All right, let's see what happens let's see if the professionals can help us here  right lets see happens lets see professionals help us  [Safiua] Yeah, just mix it up Cristine. I see you in my peripheral. Just get that cauldron going. 
- [Cristine] Safiya Don't make me dance alone  yeah mix cristine see peripheral get cauldron going 
  safiya dont make dance alone  - [Safiya] Is it this? 
See I told you we were disturbing   
see told disturbing  - [Safiya] We can't use that 
- [Ty] no, we're using that 
- [Safiya] we'll be banished from the internet 
- [Ty]  how are you guys not banished from the internet   cant use 
  using 
  well banished internet 
   guys banished internet  - [Cristine] I don't know. S: So to start the custom color choosing Elina from the color lab introduced us to their iPad interface   dont know start custom color choosing elina color lab introduced us ipad interface  Which was sort of like an sort like  interpretive mood board with interpretive mood board  Artful inspo pictures to draw you in. 
- [Elina] the way works you click on any color that you like artful inspo pictures draw 
  way works click color like  This gives us an idea what direction of the color you want to go gives us idea direction color want go  But it's not the exact color that you're gonna get because we're gonna make some custom at the mixology bar exact color youre gonna get gonna make custom mixology bar  - [Safiya] So this is more of like an emotional process. 
- [Elina] Yes. 
- [Cristine] What do you feel 
- [Safiya] exactly   like emotional process 
  yes 
  feel 
  exactly  [Tyler] It's like a Meyers Briggs  like meyers briggs  And then once you picked a jumping-off point there were a few other questions you had to answer before you could go up to the bar picked jumpingoff point questions answer could go bar  - [Safiya] Cristine you want to go first? You want me to go first 
- [Cristine] you go first   cristine want go first want go first 
  go first  - [Cristine] I'm gonna watch 
- [Saf] okay, so I'm gonna click night   im gonna watch 
  okay im gonna click night  - [Cristine] Of course 
- [Saf] on brand   course 
  brand  As for what color I was actually hoping for I hadn't really gone into this with too many color actually hoping hadnt really gone many  preconceived notions so I was just gonna let the photos speak to me. preconceived notions gonna let photos speak  [Saf] I am intrigued by this kind of teal color  intrigued kind teal color  - [Safiya] I guess they're calling it scaffolding teal. 
- [Tyler] Yeah scaffolding 
- [Safiya] and to be honest they were saying a lot of different things   guess theyre calling scaffolding teal 
  yeah scaffolding 
  honest saying lot different things  This is kind of an interesting sort of industrial kind interesting sort industrial  Moody exposed lightbulb. The other one I like is jellyfish moody exposed lightbulb one like jellyfish  A lot of these things don't exactly jump to mind when I think of a cosmetics product lot things dont exactly jump mind think cosmetics product  - [Cristine] Imagine if this spoke to you. It's just a brick wall. 
- [Safiya] Well that also speaks to me. 
- [Cristine] That's what I speak to. 
- [Safiya] Yeah 
- [Cristine] most of the time   imagine spoke brick wall 
  well also speaks 
  thats speak 
  yeah 
  time  But I did appreciate the creativity. 
- I think the scaffolding is really speaking to me. I'm gonna go for scaffolding appreciate creativity 
 think scaffolding really speaking im gonna go scaffolding  I'm scaling a building with this teal after that im scaling building teal  You can pick if you want your shade to be lighter or darker and also choose your shimmers pick want shade lighter darker also choose shimmers  But Elina had recommended that we not add those in now, but wait until we had mixed up our color to decide elina recommended add wait mixed color decide  What would look best with it.
- Oh crap, I have to name it. would look best it
 oh crap name  Yes, they do make you name your shade before you see it. yes make name shade see  [Tyler] That is a lot of pressure  lot pressure  Which actually presented quite the challenge actually presented quite challenge  [Cristine] teal scaf?  teal scaf  - [Saf] scaffolding saf? 
- [Cristine] Scaff teal. Scaf saf!   scaffolding saf 
  scaff teal scaf saf  [Saf] scaf saf. what does that sound like scab?  scaf saf sound like scab  - [Saf] Scabby teal, but we eventually hit some I wouldn't say gold 
- [Cristine] teal time   scabby teal eventually hit wouldnt say gold 
  teal time  [Safiya] teal time!  teal time  But maybe some bronze 
- [Claire] here for the teal? maybe bronze 
  teal  - [Safiya] Here for the Teal! 
-[Cristine] I like that that's like a drama channel 
- [Safiya] here for the teal is actually quite good   teal 
 like thats like drama channel 
  teal actually quite good  All right. I'm going for with "here for the teal" right im going teal  So with my form done it was time for Cristine to step up to the plate. form done time cristine step plate  - [Cristine] So Ideally, I did want to try and make a holo   ideally want try make holo  But apparently the ORLY color lab apparently orly color lab  Doesn't currently offer holo because their custom formula isn't thick enough to support the glitter doesnt currently offer holo custom formula isnt thick enough support glitter  - [Cristine] So I'm gonna change my idea and I'm gonna go a little simpler. 
- [Saf] Mmm. 
- [Cristine] and I'm gonna make something for my boyfriend. 
- [Saf] awww,   im gonna change idea im gonna go little simpler 
  mmm 
  im gonna make something boyfriend 
  awww  [Cristine] So sweet, but not really cuz I don't think he really wants me to paint his nails all the time  sweet really cuz dont think really wants paint nails time  But you know, it's the thought that counts know thought counts  - [Saf] No, I like that. 
- [Cristine] I saw this banana and I immediately thought of Ben   like 
  saw banana immediately thought ben  Guess Ben's brand is kind of built around bananas guess bens brand kind built around bananas  [Cristine] Because he likes bananas  likes bananas  [Saf] It was the angle of the banana that reminded her of Ben  angle banana reminded ben  [Cristine] No! actually no  actually  Everyone thinks that but you're all - just there's something wrong with your mind. Okay? everyone thinks youre  theres something wrong mind okay  So Cristine went with the banana because Ben likes bananas and for no other reason cristine went banana ben likes bananas reason  - [Saf] All right, what are you gonna call it Chiquita banana? 
- [Cristine] no just Benana 
- [Safiya] just Benana, okay 
- [Cristine] Because his name is Ben   right gonna call chiquita banana 
  benana 
  benana okay 
  name ben  [Ben] I think everyone understood that  think everyone understood  [Safiya] Because his name is Ben  name ben  So after filling out our forms 
- [Cristine] first name Simply filling forms 
  first name simply  - [Saf] Last name Greatest. 
- and not reading any of the fine print 
- [Ben] make sure you're not signing away the rights to us   last name greatest 
 reading fine print 
  make sure youre signing away rights us  [Ben] Like giving ORLY permission to make this nail polish for you  like giving orly permission make nail polish  [Cristine] Please contact my lawyer  please contact lawyer  It was time for us to head to the bar where we met Emma our mixologist for the afternoon time us head bar met emma mixologist afternoon  - [Safiya] All right. So, where should we begin? 
- [Emma] Well I have what's essentially a recipe for your polish on here   right begin 
  well whats essentially recipe polish  - [Emma] So we start out with that and then I show you a swatch of it and we go from there. 
- [Cristine] So it's like Starbucks   start show swatch go 
  like starbucks  - [Cristine] I would like two pumps of this syrup 
- [Safiya] And my recipe called for a   would like two pumps syrup 
  recipe called  heavy dose of green a bit of blue a dash of yellow and a smidgen of white and then she whisked all of the polish heavy dose green bit blue dash yellow smidgen white whisked polish  together with a mini mixer to make our first iteration of "here for the teal" together mini mixer make first iteration teal  - [Saf] I mean that's a really pretty color I could maybe use a little more blue. 
- [Cristine] Yeah 
- [Saf] yeah   mean thats really pretty color could maybe use little blue 
  yeah 
  yeah  I think my instinct was that I wanted more of a nighttime think instinct wanted nighttime  Scaffolding vibe. 
- [Emma Do you want it to be like a deeper teal in that case scaffolding vibe 
 emma want like deeper teal case  - [Emma]I would just add also a little bit of black. 
- [Cristine] You probably want that 
- [Safiya] you could add a little black  would add also little bit black 
  probably want 
  could add little black  - Which seemed to add the right amount of duskiness to the mixture  seemed add right amount duskiness mixture  - I think that looks good. 
-Yeah, I like that a lot. 
- Then it was time to add the shimmers  think looks good 
yeah like lot 
 time add shimmers  - [Emma] So I probably recommend one of these three things 
- [Safiya] and Emma thought that perhaps a gold shimmer a blueish iridescent   probably recommend one three things 
  emma thought perhaps gold shimmer blueish iridescent  Pearly one or a blue metallic shimmer would work well with our polish pearly one blue metallic shimmer would work well polish  - [Safiya] I think that I want the blue pearl and the blue metallic 
- [Emma] okay   think want blue pearl blue metallic 
  okay  - [Saf] Yeah, I think that's what I want 
- [Cristine] that I love that for you   yeah think thats want 
  love  - [Emma] Party. 
- [Safiya] So Emma scooped and dumped our powders in   party 
  emma scooped dumped powders  - [Cristine] I want to rub that all over me. 
- [Saf] all over your body. 
- And then once they were   want rub 
  body 
  satisfyingly blended into our concoction Emma swatched the polish on my nail so I could see the shimmers in action satisfyingly blended concoction emma swatched polish nail could see shimmers action  - [Saf] Oh, yeah, that's what I'm talking about. I like that we went for the middle finger here. 
- [Tyler] Yeah   oh yeah thats im talking like went middle finger 
  yeah  - [Tyler] That's not bad 
- [Safiya] I was pretty pleased with the way it was looking on my nail so we will bottle yeah, let's bottle it   thats bad 
  pretty pleased way looking nail bottle yeah lets bottle  - [ Saf] So I guess that was my polish 
- [Cristine] Look you get your own custom label 
- [Safiya] Oh, does it stay "here for the teal"? 
- [Emma] Sure does   guess polish 
  look get custom label 
  oh stay teal 
  sure  - [Emma]That's for you. 
- [Safiya} Amazing Thank you.  thats 
 safiya amazing thank  And I think we were all here for the teal. 
- I need to like smack the camera. Here's the Teal think teal 
 need like smack camera heres teal  - [Tyler] Well it is on your middle finger so it kind of works. 
- [Safiya] Aside from the now very worn out Tea jokes   well middle finger kind works 
  aside worn tea jokes  I also really did like the shimmery turquoise-y shade we had ended up with. 
- [Cristine] I think it's beautiful also really like shimmery turquoisey shade ended 
  think beautiful  - [Cristine] Good job, I approve. 
- [Saf] Cristine approves everyone 
- [Cristine] not legally, but just really good   good job approve 
  cristine approves everyone 
  legally really good  illicitly Cristine approves illicitly cristine approves  [Cristine] That's nice it suits you  thats nice suits  And with that we moved on to Ben's benana 
- [Cristine] Wait, is this it this is it moved bens benana 
  wait  We're just taking the whole gonna just walk out of here Cristine, okay taking whole gonna walk cristine okay  Cristine's recipe started out cristines recipe started  -unsurprisingly with a lot of yellow. 
- [Cristine] Oh yeah banana yeah unsurprisingly lot yellow 
  oh yeah banana yeah  Along with some white and a pinch of orange along white pinch orange  - [Cristine] Its like creamsicle. 
- [Tyler] Oh, that's good. 
- [Safiya] And after blending it up like a Jamba Juice smoothie. She's swatched it for further inspection   like creamsicle 
  oh thats good 
  blending like jamba juice smoothie shes swatched inspection  I love the color love color  But I think we need to make it more think need make  yellow and maybe yellow maybe  If we add a little bit of like brown or maybe peach just to dull the color a little so it's less neon add little bit like brown maybe peach dull color little less neon  Yeah yeah  Yeah yeah  I think Cristine wanted more of a realistic banana color think cristine wanted realistic banana color  -versus like a runts banana
- [Tyler] Are we talking about a ripe banana? Or just like a...
- [Cristine]  well like a tiny bit rotten wanted it to versus like runts banana
  talking ripe banana like a
   well like tiny bit rotten wanted  Emma: If you wanted it to be like really a neutral yellow color. I could do like a drop of black emma wanted like really neutral yellow color could like drop black  - [Cristine] Shocking I'm curious though how that works. 
- [Safiya] So we went ahead and added in a splash of black   shocking im curious though works 
  went ahead added splash black  -And then swirled it in 
- Oh 
- Oh swirled 
 oh 
 oh  - [Safiya} Something happened. 
- [Cristine] See now. It kind of looks dirtier this perfect. That's what I want. That's it. Yeah, that's fair  safiya something happened 
  see kind looks dirtier perfect thats want thats yeah thats fair  - [Emma] So what are you thinking about in terms of shimmers? 
- [Cristine] What are you thinking? 
-[Saf] I'm not gonna put the montages in   thinking terms shimmers 
  thinking 
 im gonna put montages  don't make me do it at this point is just a white screen dont make point white screen  So for Cristine's polish Emma recommended that she go for either a gold shimmer or a bronzy one cristines polish emma recommended go either gold shimmer bronzy one  - [Cristine] What if we do gold and a bit of the bronze shimmer 
- [Emma] We can do that. 
- [Cristine] Let's do it!   gold bit bronze shimmer 
  
  lets  - [Saf] A sprinkle? 
- [Cristine] Just the whole thing actually. Can't you just put the whole thing in there?   sprinkle 
  whole thing actually cant put whole thing  - [Safiya] Ooh It was almost like changed it a little bit. 
- [Cristine] It's deepening it. I like it. It's aging the banana   ooh almost like changed little bit 
  deepening like aging banana  - [Cristine] It's now three days older. 
- [Safiya] So we had arrived at not only dirty but also aged banana Oh   three days older 
  arrived dirty also aged banana oh  - [Emma] How's does that feel? 
- [Cristine] That's really nice. 
- [Emma] Yeah?   hows feel 
  thats really nice 
  yeah  Ben you'll look great ben youll look great  - [Cristine] Ben looks great. 
- [Saf] So Ben in all of his filthy glory got bottled, labeled and delivered to his girlfriend   ben looks great 
  ben filthy glory got bottled labeled delivered girlfriend  - [Saf] Oh, it looks so cute. 
- [Cristine] They actually work together. 
- [Safiya] They do work together. 
- [Cristine] They accent each other nicely   oh looks cute 
  actually work together 
  work together 
  accent nicely  But before we could try them out could try  we did have our third polish to make third polish make  A Franken polish that consisted of all of the shades they had in their little syrup bottles and we have gotten the okay to franken polish consisted shades little syrup bottles gotten okay  - pump it ourselves which we're very jazzed about. 
- [Cristine] Why they trust me? I don't know. 
- [Saf] Don't ruin this for us  pump jazzed 
  trust dont know 
  dont ruin us  So we were ill-advisedly allowed behind the mixing bar. I'm gonna get murdered by a tiny like a stick mixer illadvisedly allowed behind mixing bar im gonna get murdered tiny like stick mixer  It's fine. And because we didn't want our cup to runneth over we decided to go for a half pump of each of their shades fine didnt want cup runneth decided go half pump shades  - [Cristine] ahh! 
- [Safiya] Is that a half? 
- [Tyler] Eh, it looked about a half. 
- [Safiya] What did you scream?   ahh 
  half 
  eh looked half 
  scream  Cristine squawked. And so our mix-athon began. Oh, this is fun cristine squawked mixathon began oh fun  - Oh, that one was explosive. As we worked our way through the rainbow. 
- [Cristine] Oh we missed, gotta hold it in there  oh one explosive worked way rainbow 
  oh missed gotta hold  - [Cristine] There ya go. 
- [Tyler] Okay. Got a dribbler? 
- [Safiya] Yeah, we got a dribbler there. Yes. Yes   ya go 
  okay got dribbler 
  yeah got dribbler yes yes  - [Safiya] My power is growing. I guess you could call us Madames Mix-a-lot. 
- [Cristine] One more   power growing guess could call us madames mixalot 
  one  [All] Oh yeah  oh yeah  See that's marble time. So we grabbed our stick blender and went to town. see thats marble time grabbed stick blender went town  Oh, yeah oh yeah  - [Tyler] That was good and it's the Franken-phora. 
- [Cristine] It kinda looks like your lipstick! 
- [Safiya] Oh my God, it does it looks like the Franken lipstick color   good frankenphora 
  kinda looks like lipstick 
  oh god looks like franken lipstick color  Oh my god. Oh, it smells good. oh god oh smells good  I mean don't breathe it in don't breathe in it mean dont breathe dont breathe  I guess it's not surprising that it turned out to be this berry purple, which keeps showing up guess surprising turned berry purple keeps showing  -But hey, I just like mixing stuff. 
- [Cristine] Mauve. Is that how you say it here? Mauve? Mouve? hey like mixing stuff 
  mauve say mauve mouve  - [Safiya] Do you say it different in Canada? 
- [Cristine] "Mouve". 
- [Safiya] "mouve"? I think "mouve" is acceptable. 
- [Tyler] Yeah   say different canada 
  mouve 
  mouve think mouve acceptable 
  yeah  So once we had blended our polishes it was time to mix in every powder blended polishes time mix every powder  They had also. Alright, so we've been left to our own devices also alright weve left devices  -So should we put the shimmer in? 
-Now in total ORLY has nine different shimmer powders a blue metallic. 
-Ooh put shimmer 
now total orly nine different shimmer powders blue metallic 
ooh  - That looked like a firework! 
- As well as a pink red gold  looked like firework 
 well pink red gold  - let's go for the gold. White pearl, silver, bronze, blue pearl, and purple pearl. 
- [Cristine] ready, aim,  lets go gold white pearl silver bronze blue pearl purple pearl 
  ready aim  fire! fire  Was like a deep mixing sound "Rrraahh" like deep mixing sound rrraahh  - Like a cat in heat. Our formula was definitely shaping up to be on the thicker side. 
- [Cristine] Sounds like I'm at the dentist  like cat heat formula definitely shaping thicker side 
  sounds like im dentist  But it was looking pretty nice looking pretty nice  That looks really pretty actually it kind of like lightened the color a little bit looks really pretty actually kind like lightened color little bit  - [Cristine] It gives it like a kind of a silvery shimmer. 
- [Safiya] Yeah, shall we fill a bottle?   gives like kind silvery shimmer 
  yeah shall fill bottle  - So we folded our cup to make a lip. 
- Why does this make me nervous? 
- And began pouring in our Franken Polish  folded cup make lip 
 make nervous 
 began pouring franken polish  [Tyler] Oh, well you're making it in.  oh well youre making  - Which I'd say I did a passable job at. 
- Alright. I'm in.  id say passable job 
 alright im  I got a little messy around the rim, but I'm in. I feel like a baby got little messy around rim im feel like baby  - Please help me! 
- So then we popped on our cap. 
- How did I end up down here?  please help 
 popped cap 
 end  What am I still doing down here? 
- And our Franken ORLY came to life still 
 franken orly came life  - [Safiya] Look at what we made together! 
- [Cristine] It's a monster! 
- [Safiya] My thighs are working   look made together 
  monster 
  thighs working  - [Saf] This is a thigh workout right now. 
- [Cristine] My knees hurt! 
- [Saf] Listen, we are three day old bananas. We can't be like this. Oh wow yeah.   thigh workout right 
  knees hurt 
  listen three day old bananas cant like oh wow yeah  - Unfortunately, though we were completely stuck when it came to a name for our shade. 
- [Saf] "Mauve" 
- [Cristine] "Mauve Over"  unfortunately though completely stuck came name shade 
  mauve 
  mauve  - [Cristine] "You Mauve Me"! 
- [Saf] Maybe ORLY is on to something by making you name your  shade first. 
- [Cristine] "Let's See a Mauvie"   mauve 
  maybe orly something making name  shade first 
  lets see mauvie  [Saf] "Let's See a Mauvie"  lets see mauvie  - [Saf] "Mauver"? Like "mother"? 
- Because our ideas weren't getting any better. 
- [Saf] We're gonna think on this 
- [Cristine] "I Don't Mauve" 
- [Saf] "You Don't Mauve" like you don't know? 
- [Cristine] Yeah. It doesn't really work.   mauver like mother 
 ideas werent getting better 
  gonna think 
  dont mauve 
  dont mauve like dont know 
  yeah doesnt really work  All right, so we're gonna think on the name for this. Oh actually, maybe that's a good job for the audience right gonna think name oh actually maybe thats good job audience  - [Saf] Hey 
- [Tyler] Really natural. Really natural transition there   hey 
  really natural really natural transition  So if you have any ideas for what you would name this  mauvish color? ideas would name  mauvish color  - [Safiya] Let us know. Help us. 
- [Cristine] Comment down below. 
- [Safiya] Cause we had a good time mixing it, but now we're at a loss   let us know help us 
  comment 
  cause good time mixing loss  So with our work behind the bar complete we took our three newly minted polishes to one of their tables work behind bar complete took three newly minted polishes one tables  - So Cristine could put them on me and we could see what they looked like in action. 
- [Cristine] I'm gonna paint your nails finally  cristine could put could see looked like action 
  im gonna paint nails finally  - [Cristine] I'm painting your nails. 
- [Safiya] but you're gonna do more of that later 
- [Cristine] Or before depending on which video went up first   im painting nails 
  youre gonna later 
  depending video went first  - Yes, it was Christine's video hers came out like three months ago. 
- [Cristine] but in real life, I have never painted your nails yet  yes christines video came like three months ago 
  real life never painted nails yet  - [Saf] No. 
- [Cristine] What is wrong with us? There's something wrong with our relationship!   
  wrong us theres something wrong relationship  [Safiya] There definitely - there are many things wrong with our relationship. Just schmash it again. Yep  definitely  many things wrong relationship schmash yep  [Cristine] SCHMASH DAT  
 MOTHERF*CKING LIKE BUTTON  schmash dat  
 motherfcking like button  - [Cristine] Okay, so we're gonna use the peel off base coat 
- [Saf] this is Cristine's "secret" peel off base coat   okay gonna use peel base coat 
  cristines secret peel base coat  - [Cristine] No, but actually 
- [Saf] oh, wow. It is literally called "Secret Peel Off Base Coat". Wow I called that   actually 
  oh wow literally called secret peel base coat wow called  This product was actually very recently released, but at the time of filming, it was a prototype. I'm the guinea pig here or product actually recently released time filming prototype im guinea pig  More like the human, because you know cruelty free like human know cruelty free  [Cristine] Yeah, we don't test on animals we test on Safiya  yeah dont test animals test safiya  So once the base coat was dry, it was time to apply our polishes! "Benana" first base coat dry time apply polishes benana first  Oooh ahhh! oooh ahhh  Followed by "Here for the Teal" and then followed teal  "Untitled Mauve". It's like the Untitled Goose Game, but nail polish. Oh, I love that one untitled mauve like untitled goose game nail polish oh love one  I mean, I like both of ours mean like  but I think I actually like our Franken one the best and even with just one coat I can see the shimmer 
- [Cristine] because think actually like franken one best even one coat see shimmer 
   [Cristine] There was a lot of shimmer relative to -  lot shimmer relative   [Saf] There was a lot of it and Cristine gave me a couple coats of each to get them nice and opaque  lot cristine gave couple coats get nice opaque  - [Cristine] All right. Now all we need is a glossy taco. 
- [Saf] I wonder who has one of those?   right need glossy taco 
  wonder one  Well, not officially well officially  But there's a secret one! theres secret one  - This product is also already out. 
- [Cristine] It's a secret glossy taco. 
- [Safiya] It's not a secret anymore  product also already 
  secret glossy taco 
  secret anymore  It really isn't a secret anymore. But regardless it was applied to my nails. really isnt secret anymore regardless applied nails  - [Cristine] Ooh yes, she gone dry quickly 
- [Saf] and with that my tricolor custom manicure was complete   ooh yes gone dry quickly 
  tricolor custom manicure complete  - [Cristine] I like the spirit of this actually. 
- [Saf] Yeah! 
- [Cristine] In a strange way these three colors kind of worked   like spirit actually 
  yeah 
  strange way three colors kind worked  They did sort of come together into a muted summery beach umbrella kind of way sort come together muted summery beach umbrella kind way  Does that make any sense? Kind of like a sparkly beach umbrella. make sense kind like sparkly beach umbrella  Surprisingly, the one that seems these sparkliest to me is the middle finger closely followed by our surprisingly one seems sparkliest middle finger closely followed  - Franken polish and Ben, though I know there is sparkle in him is more of a cream. 
- [Cristine] He's a hidden gem. 
- [Saf] Yeah  franken polish ben though know sparkle cream 
  hes hidden gem 
  yeah  He's a diamond in the rough hes diamond rough  Personally no offense to Ben or to Tea channels personally offense ben tea channels  I think that the star of the show was our franken polish - both because it seemed like a pretty think star show franken polish  seemed like pretty  Universally flattering shade, and also because the amount of different shimmer that's in there makes it kind of multi-dimensional feeling universally flattering shade also amount different shimmer thats makes kind multidimensional feeling  But I do enjoy the unique Andy Warhol vibes of the "Benana" color as well as the cool sea green enjoy unique andy warhol vibes benana color well cool sea green  Scaffolding shade which I'm actually very excited to wear. I think they look great. Actually, I'm pleased. How do you feel? scaffolding shade im actually excited wear think look great actually im pleased feel  [Cristine] I think they look good  think look good  - [Cristine]I think I also did a good job painting them. 
- [Saf] Cristine - 
- [Cristine] Just wanted to point that out. 
- [Saf] Cristine did a great job painting them  think also good job painting 
  cristine  
  wanted point 
  cristine great job painting  That was not the point of the video but Cristine did a good job painting them. point video cristine good job painting  - [Cristine] But you have to demo the product. 
- [Saf] Overall,   demo product 
  overall  I had a lot of fun at the color lab besides the chance to wreak small amount of havoc. Sorry lot fun color lab besides chance wreak small amount havoc sorry  - [Saf] This is your store. We should be letting you do this. 
- [Cristine] I'm just gonna go to the back   store letting 
  im gonna go back  [Cristine] I'm just finding your washroom  im finding washroom  I think it's a great opportunity for people to think great opportunity people  perfect their favorite nail polish shade or maybe even make a custom color to match your perfect favorite nail polish shade maybe even make custom color match  Favorite lipstick or phone case or cat? For example? favorite lipstick phone case cat example  He's like a shark! And though we sort of teased it hes like shark though sort teased  The iPad situation was actually kind of useful because even though the images are more ipad situation actually kind useful even though images  Philosophical it does get the creative juices flowing and help you think of colors philosophical get creative juices flowing help think colors  You might not have even considered. Like I never thought I would want scaffolding on my fingers might even considered like never thought would want scaffolding fingers  But here we are and I'm not sure that Ben ever thought that his predilection for im sure ben ever thought predilection  Bananas would be immortalized as a nail polish, but here he is bananas would immortalized nail polish  Thank you guys so much for watching thank guys much watching  And once again a thank you to Cristine for coming with us to make some custom nail polishes thank cristine coming us make custom nail polishes  Thank you for inviting me thank inviting  Also a big thank you to the ORLY color lab for letting us film there and not kicking us out which they definitely could also big thank orly color lab letting us film kicking us definitely could  have done. If you liked that video make sure to "schmash" that like button and if you want to see more videos like this make done liked video make sure schmash like button want see videos like make  sure to 
- [Cristine] "schmash" 
- [Saf] that subscribe button. 
- [Cristine] Shout out to sure 
  schmash 
  subscribe button 
  shout  "Hahaha", thanks for watching, "Hahaha". 
[Saf & Cristine] and we'll see you guys a-next time!
- [Saf] Yeah exactly. Yeah, that's perfect hahaha thanks watching hahaha 
 well see guys anext time
  yeah exactly yeah thats perfect  That's actually -  you've nailed it. You've absolutely nailed it. You've thats actually   youve nailed youve absolutely nailed youve  "nailed it" nailed  Hello friends! hello friends  and welcome to another video. welcome another video  This week, we are going to be making a GIANT lipstick. week going making giant lipstick  Probably the world's largest, but this is unsanctioned by Guinness. probably worlds largest unsanctioned guinness  Now, we have done a lot of bad make-up science experiments done lot bad makeup science experiments  involving lipstick in the past, involving lipstick past  from mixing up custom colors, mixing custom colors  to melting my own nude lipsticks together, melting nude lipsticks together  to fusing 600 plus lipsticks from different stores together, fusing  plus lipsticks different stores together  to see what the mid-point shades would be. see midpoint shades would  And all of these experiments were born from some experiments born  strange, deranged lipstick-obsessed recess of my mind. strange deranged lipstickobsessed recess mind  From which, another idea emerged. another idea emerged  What would happen if we tried to make would happen tried make  a giant monstrosity of a lipstick? giant monstrosity lipstick  I wondered. wondered  A queen bee of lip colors. A mind flare of pigments queen bee lip colors mind flare pigments  We had already made a small army of "Franken-lipsticks", already made small army frankenlipsticks  but that army was missing a leader. army missing leader  But though, our desire to create a giant lipstick was strong and burning, though desire create giant lipstick strong burning  once we sat down and tried to actually figure it out, sat tried actually figure  the logistics of the experiment seemed, probably, impossible. logistics experiment seemed probably impossible  At least without serious professional help. least without serious professional help  However, by happy coincidence, just as all hope was lost, however happy coincidence hope lost  ColourPop reached out to us about the possibility of doing a lipstick collaboration colourpop reached us possibility lipstick collaboration  and when the topic of "What should we do for marketing came up?" topic marketing came  we said, "How about a giant lipstick tube?" said giant lipstick tube  and surprisingly and probably ill-advisedly... surprisingly probably illadvisedly  they said yes. said yes  now, since our entire marketing budget went to making a giant lipstick, since entire marketing budget went making giant lipstick  let's talk about the collab really quick. lets talk collab really quick  I've always wanted to produce, like, ive always wanted produce like  actual not kitchen-made versions of our "Franken-lipsticks" actual kitchenmade versions frankenlipsticks  and other colors we've mixed along the way. colors weve mixed along way  So, when ColourPop reached out to us,  I knew right away that I wanted to do a "Franken-Beauty" collab. colourpop reached us  knew right away wanted frankenbeauty collab  Our collection has six lipstick shades inspired by colors you've seen before in our videos before. collection six lipstick shades inspired colors youve seen videos  The greige-y brown Mrs. Norris. greigey brown mrs norris  The deep burgundy, Screamer. deep burgundy screamer  The sharky teal, Brucy. sharky teal brucy  Our OG Franken-nude, Bikini Bottom. og frankennude bikini bottom  Fred the Franken-red (Fred for short) fred frankenred   and of course, the infamous mega Franken-shade: Berry Me In Lipsticks. course infamous mega frankenshade berry lipsticks  You guys should check 'em out! guys check em  There's little bats on them. theres little bats  It's pretty cute pretty cute  and spoopy. 
Do people still say that? spoopy 
do people still say  Okay, so with that, on to the giant lipstick. okay giant lipstick  Now coming into this, my wish list for an enormous lipstick was twofold: coming wish list enormous lipstick twofold  Firstly, I wanted it to be at least my size when fully erect firstly wanted least size fully erect  that's approximately 5 feet 9 inches, so I could just walk right up to it and rub my face on it thats approximately  feet  inches could walk right rub face it  and secondly, I wanted it to be able to twist up and down in some fashion. and secondly wanted able twist fashion  Currently, there are a few other contenders for the world's largest lipstick, but they don't meet this spec. currently contenders worlds largest lipstick dont meet spec  There is a giant lipstick shaped sculpture made out of lipstick tubes, giant lipstick shaped sculpture made lipstick tubes  but it's more like a photo mosaic than a functional lipstick. like photo mosaic functional lipstick  There's also an art piece that is, like, a cubic meter of lipstick on a concrete slab. theres also art piece like cubic meter lipstick concrete slab  And though mass-wise it is a very heavy chonk of lipstick, though masswise heavy chonk lipstick  It neither looks like a lipstick tube, nor does it do any of the things that a lipstick tube does. neither looks like lipstick tube things lipstick tube  I mean it's basically a candle. mean basically candle  So it seems that a giant lipstick of the variety that I want does not exist. seems giant lipstick variety want exist  We've identified a niche in the market. weve identified niche market  So to realize our vision, realize vision  ColourPop assembled a team of seasoned pros to help us pull this thing off. colourpop assembled team seasoned pros help us pull thing  Alright, so we are at the ColourPop office today with alright colourpop office today  Dave the engineer here at Colourpop, dave engineer colourpop  the headhead of engineering? Director of engineering!
 - [Dave] Director of engineering. headhead engineering director engineering
   director engineering  There we go! (Saf laughing) go   And with Keith and Sydney who are production designers who are going to be helping us with this project. keith sydney production designers going helping us project  So, you guys know what we want to do. guys know want  -[Keith] Yeah.
 -You've heard it and you're still here, so that's good.  yeah
 youve heard youre still thats good  [Keith] Yeah.  yeah  Dave, as the engineer, was gonna be in charge of molding and placing the actual piece of lipstick-- dave engineer gonna charge molding placing actual piece lipstick  or the crayon-- or crayon  into our giant tube and Keith and Sydney had been tasked with building the pieces of our lipstick tube, into giant tube keith sydney tasked building pieces lipstick tube  or component. component  So 5'9" that's 69 inches.  thats  inches  The lipstick that we sell now is 3 inches tall, lipstick sell  inches tall  so we've got a little bit of scaling to do. weve got little bit scaling  - [Saf] A Little bit.   little bit  Our general plan was to take the proportions of a normal ColourPop lipstick, general plan take proportions normal colourpop lipstick  specifically one of our collab shades: 'Berry me in Lipsticks' specifically one collab shades berry lipsticks  and then scale it up, like, 20 to 25 times. scale like   times  So the tube would be about five feet tall with the cap on, tube would five feet tall cap  but then when fully extended with the lipstick out, the whole structure would be, like, six foot four. fully extended lipstick whole structure would like six foot four  - [Saf] That's definitely taller than me
 -[Dave] Now that's considerably taller than you   thats definitely taller me
  thats considerably taller  - [Tyler] You might have to get onto, like, a little stepladder to actually use it on your lips, Saf.   might get onto like little stepladder actually use lips saf  -[Keith] Are you gonna use it?  gonna use  - [Saf] Of course!   course  -[Saf] I think we all have to.  think  Of course, having a lipstick that large presents many issues, course lipstick large presents many issues  one of the main ones being the weight of all of the pieces. one main ones weight pieces  -[Dave] We're looking at about an 80 pound chunk of lipstick.  looking  pound chunk lipstick  -[Dave] We don't know.  dont know  So Dave's plan was to make our giant crayon with a metal core inside of it, daves plan make giant crayon metal core inside  which would hopefully help support the large amount of lipstick, would hopefully help support large amount lipstick  speed up the cooling time and also allow us to speed cooling time also allow us  bolt it directly into the contraption that Keith and Sydney would be building. bolt directly contraption keith sydney would building  Besides the core pin, besides core pin  ColourPop was also gonna have to make us a giant custom mold colourpop also gonna make us giant custom mold  specifically for our crayon. specifically crayon  It's gonna be gonna  And Dave's ideal scenario daves ideal scenario  was that we would shape and chill our bullet inside the mold, would shape chill bullet inside mold  and then place the entire thing on top of our base. place entire thing top base  Then we'll pull the two halves apart, leaving the crayon standing and we'll-
Saf: oh... well pull two halves apart leaving crayon standing well
saf oh  voil. voil  -[Dave] We will, we'll have to do that, um  well um  It all sounded like pretty standard makeup science until the word "crane." sounded like pretty standard makeup science word crane  I was like uh...can I drive it? No. like uhcan drive  -[Dave] Yes  yes  But we did say we wanted to up the ante. say wanted ante  As for the casing of the lipstick, Keith and Sydney had some thoughts. casing lipstick keith sydney thoughts  It seemed like they were confident about how to make the tube itself, seemed like confident make tube  which they were going to build with 3 giant cardboard cylinders that could stack inside of each other. going build  giant cardboard cylinders could stack inside  I'm, like, very impressed by the girth of this thing. im like impressed girth thing  To represent the base, the inner tube, and the cap. represent base inner tube cap  Effectively, this is what it'll look like closed, effectively itll look like closed  and then imagine, you know, imagine know  the lipstick will end up being, well, 26 inches higher than this inside piece, so... lipstick end well  inches higher inside piece  - [Tyler] Oh my god.
- And we were gonna cover all three pieces--   oh god
 gonna cover three pieces  (Something crashes.) Ooo! 
[Keith] A calamity clam!  ooo 
 calamity clam  --with flexible sheets of aluminum. I'm, like, very jazzed. 
- [Keith] Cool. flexible sheets aluminum im like jazzed 
  cool  I'm jazzed is the word. The word is jazzed. im jazzed word word jazzed  But the part that Keith and Sydney were nervous about was the mechanism. part keith sydney nervous mechanism  Now, with a normal lipstick tube, normal lipstick tube  there is an inner cup that contains the actual lipstick inner cup contains actual lipstick  and when you twist the outside of the tube, that inner cup twist outside tube inner cup  rises up and down on a set of spiraling tracks. rises set spiraling tracks  And that works great for a three inch tall lipstick, works great three inch tall lipstick  but not necessarily for our monstrosity. necessarily monstrosity  First off, because of the weight of the crayon, the inner cup might just spiral back down and not be able to stay erect; first weight crayon inner cup might spiral back able stay erect  and hand-in-hand with that, twisting the outside of the tube would be very difficult handinhand twisting outside tube would difficult  because of how heavy and large the components would be. heavy large components would  Besides all that, we would have to order custom giant metal tracks besides would order custom giant metal tracks  and if they didn't fit a hundred percent perfectly, the mechanism wouldn't even work. didnt fit hundred percent perfectly mechanism wouldnt even work  But Keith and Sydney had a plan. keith sydney plan  - [Keith] So instead of, like, creating that whole scenario,   instead like creating whole scenario  what we decided to do was decided  Saf: Oh, so it just goes straight up? saf oh goes straight  - [Keith] Well, it's gonna be-- yes, no,   well gonna yes  Saf: Just... (fwip) saf   -[Keith] Yeah, yeah.  yeah yeah  So, we added added  Saf: So it's gonna be like a giant, saf gonna like giant  robotic lipstick basically. 
- [Sydney] Yeah
- Yeah. robotic lipstick basically 
  yeah
 yeah  -[Keith] Basically.
-Basically.  basically
basically  and to hide the lift and the turntable, and hide lift turntable  Keith and Sydney were gonna be building a stage for the lipstick to stand on, keith sydney gonna building stage lipstick stand  and all of the machinery would be hiding under there. machinery would hiding  Saf: Ooh! saf ooh  Oh my god, that's me! oh god thats  Saf: Yeah. saf yeah  So basically, we had a lot of elements at play, and many things to get before our building day, basically lot elements play many things get building day  but I had faith in our squad. All right, go team. faith squad right go team  -[Keith] Let's roll out.
- Keith's sunglasses are everything.  lets roll out
 keiths sunglasses everything  - [Keith] I'm gonna have my guys work on it, I dunno if there's time but uhh... we'll figure it out y'know...   im gonna guys work dunno theres time uhh well figure yknow  (Saf laughing)   -[Keith] Cut! Cut! Cut!  cut cut cut  And a few weeks and a couple meetings later, weeks couple meetings later  That's thethe pedestal. thats thethe pedestal  It was time to build the damn thing. time build damn thing  Saf: Alright, saf alright  So here we are, back at ColourPop, ready to build. back colourpop ready build  ColourPop has a pretty big campus with a fair amount offor lack of a better word colourpop pretty big campus fair amount offor lack better word  random warehouses, so just so we would not disturb any actual makeup production, random warehouses would disturb actual makeup production  Saf: Woo! saf woo  and also so we could have the run of the place to ourselves, also could run place  we set up camp in this mostly empty one. set camp mostly empty one  Dave is going to be leading the lipstick crayon team, basically, dave going leading lipstick crayon team basically  and he is gonna start off by cleaning and lubing the mold. gonna start cleaning lubing mold  That's his words not mine. thats words mine  *laughter* laughter  And then Keith and Sydney are gonna start loading in keith sydney gonna start loading  the pieces of the tube, the pieces of the platform, the pieces of the scissor  lift, pieces tube pieces platform pieces scissor  lift  and we're gonna start constructing that as well. [K & Syd: Yeah.] gonna start constructing well   -Awesome! Alright, shall we? 
-[Dave] Ready.
- [Keith] Let's do it! awesome alright shall 
 ready
  lets  All right, I'm just gonna insert myself into every situation here. right im gonna insert every situation  In general, tasks were gonna be happening simultaneously throughout the day, general tasks gonna happening simultaneously throughout day  but our first priority first priority  was to get our lipstick bullets started, get lipstick bullets started  because it was gonna need a fair amount of time to solidify, and as we mentioned: gonna need fair amount time solidify mentioned  prepping the mold was task number one. prepping mold task number one  Saf: How do we lube? saf lube  -[Dave] Well first we're gonna clean, and then we're gonna use some, uh, food grade silicone.  well first gonna clean gonna use uh food grade silicone  Saf: Food grade silicone. To lube. saf food grade silicone lube  Ow. That hurts. ow hurts  [Tyler] You look so devious with the latex gloves and like, the lab coat. (Tyler laughs)  look devious latex gloves like lab coat   Saf: So team crayon leapt into action saf team crayon leapt action  -[Dave] shoot away, Tony 
- and sprayed down our mold with alcohol.  shoot away tony 
 sprayed mold alcohol  Saf: Mmm saf mmm  The funny thing is I didn't like, recognize it as a lipstick mold until I just looked at it right now. funny thing didnt like recognize lipstick mold looked right  I was like, "Oh, yeah, I see it!" like oh yeah see  -[Tyler] We have one of these at home.  one home  -[Saf] We have one of these.  one  - [Dave] Alright, that constitutes the cleaning part. Now comes the lubing part.   alright constitutes cleaning part comes lubing part  -[Saf] Now comes the lubing part!  comes lubing part  Which we did so that the lipstick didn't stick to the insides of the metal casing, lipstick didnt stick insides metal casing  and once it was greased, it was time to put the pieces of the mold together. greased time put pieces mold together  -[Saf] Do you need me?  need  (Saf laughing)   A resounding no. resounding  Surprisingly, the team of professionals did not want me to handle heavy objects, surprisingly team professionals want handle heavy objects  but they did hand me a drill so I could help fasten the mold together. hand drill could help fasten mold together  Alright Ty, you want to see me screw this thing? [drilling] Wooh! alright ty want see screw thing  wooh  Alright, that's it! alright thats  Now, I think this is as good a time as any to provide a brief safety disclaimer. think good time provide brief safety disclaimer  Obviously, I'm not being perfectly safe in this experiment, obviously im perfectly safe experiment  so in general, do not use me as a template as to how to use tools general use template use tools  or what you should wear around tools. wear around tools  I'm coming for you. Are you ready for me? im coming ready  Overall, this is more of a mad science fair project than actual makeup production, overall mad science fair project actual makeup production  and it does not reflect how ColourPop reflect colourpop  usually manufactures their products in any way. usually manufactures products way  Awesome! awesome  [turns on drill]   Alright, someone take this away from me before I do something bad. alright someone take away something bad  But nonetheless we did successfully piece together the mold. nonetheless successfully piece together mold  Oh Ty look! That looks like a lipstick! oh ty look looks like lipstick  You can see the slant for the, uhh- lip application. see slant uhh lip application  And once we had our casing assembled it was time to lower in our metal core pin, casing assembled time lower metal core pin  which we were gonna pour the lipstick around. gonna pour lipstick around  -Yeah, this is looking pretty military-grade guys
- and we wrenched it into place yeah looking pretty militarygrade guys
 wrenched place  -[Tyler] It's like extreme IKEA
  - just so it wouldn't rattle around in there. 
-So we have the mold  like extreme ikea
   wouldnt rattle around 
so mold  constructed, basically. constructed basically  We have the core part in also. core part also  Now we're gonna heat it up and then we're gonna pour the lipstick in. I'm pretty sure. gonna heat gonna pour lipstick im pretty sure  Do I sound sure? I'm pretty sure sound sure im pretty sure  -Then, against all reason and judgement, I was handed one of my favorite things in the world. 
-[Dave] Hold on reason judgement handed one favorite things world 
 hold  (Saf: Oh, my god!) A blowtorch.  blowtorch  I guess it's just a rule of the universe: where there is bad makeup science, there must be blowtorch. guess rule universe bad makeup science must blowtorch  Saf: Oh, all right saf oh right  So basically, Dave and I were gonna use our blow torches to heat up the mold from opposite sides. basically dave gonna use blow torches heat mold opposite sides  (Dave laughs)   With the idea that if the mold is hot when the lipstick is added, idea mold hot lipstick added  you'll end up with a more uniform surface on the crayon, because the lipstick won't solidify youll end uniform surface crayon lipstick wont solidify  immediately as it goes in. immediately goes  And our goal was to get it to 110 degrees Fahrenheit for optimal lipstick pouring conditions. goal get  degrees fahrenheit optimal lipstick pouring conditions  Unfortunately, though I feel like we were torching it pretty hard, unfortunately though feel like torching pretty hard  the mold was not getting or staying hot enough. mold getting staying hot enough  Am I doing it bad? bad  -It's just too big to keep hot. Is that the problem? 
-[Dave] Part of it, yeah.
- Oh no. big keep hot problem 
 part yeah
 oh  Ideally, Dave had wanted to heat the mold from the bottom as well, ideally dave wanted heat mold bottom well  but we were all afraid that the mold would literally crush any hot plate we tried to put it on. afraid mold would literally crush hot plate tried put  But it was seeming like we had no other option. seeming like option  Oh, my sideburns are out. They get- they get excited by blow torches. oh sideburns get get excited blow torches  So we decided to decided  delicately dangle the mold above the hot plate with the help of the forklift that Dave had brought into the warehouse delicately dangle mold hot plate help forklift dave brought warehouse  which, amazingly, worked. amazingly worked  And then finally, after roasting it from every angle, our mold started gettin' real hot. finally roasting every angle mold started gettin real hot  (Saf laughing)   Dave was not talking about beauty guru gossip, dave talking beauty guru gossip  but our giant kettles of molten lipstick that we were almost ready to pour in giant kettles molten lipstick almost ready pour  So I continued torchin' while team crayon brought over the cauldron, and then it was time to pour. continued torchin team crayon brought cauldron time pour  D: Here it comes! comes  Oh, sorry! [mild panic] [worker: Woah, woah, woah, woah] oh sorry    [D: Okay. Watch yourself, watch yourself, watch yourself]   It smells amazing! smells amazing  Now I've poured a fair amount of lipstick in my day, but nothing could have prepared me for this. ive poured fair amount lipstick day nothing could prepared  Sounds like a pool drain, doesn't it? sounds like pool drain doesnt  [T: Yeah] It sounds like we're filling up a pool.  sounds like filling pool  Is this helping? Am I doing this right? helping right  Our one vat only filled up our mold like three-quarters of the way. one vat filled mold like threequarters way  -[Dave] Oh wow, we got a long way to go.  oh wow got long way go  So we had to put away our first kettle and go get another one. put away first kettle go get another one  *loud crash* loud crash  -[Dave] It's down.
- Don't worry, nothing broke.  down
 dont worry nothing broke  -Are you guys okay?
-[Dave] Yeah.
- Alright, we're all good. guys okay
 yeah
 alright good  That was just the kettle snapping back into place. She snapped. kettle snapping back place snapped  Saf: It is saf  So we poured in our second kettle and as the tide rose, I started getting berry excited. poured second kettle tide rose started getting berry excited  -[Dave] Okay, we're getting close we're getting close. Slow down.  okay getting close getting close slow  -[Dave] Slow down.
- Yeah, I hear it. Oh, wow.  slow down
 yeah hear oh wow  And after topping it off just a hair, our lipstick was in. topping hair lipstick  (Saf gasping)
-[Dave] Alright. 
-That's so cool. 
 alright 
thats cool  What a quantity of lipstick. Dave, how do you feel? How do you feel Dave? quantity lipstick dave feel feel dave  -[Dave] Uh, gosh, I think I'm pretty happy, actually.
- That's great!  uh gosh think im pretty happy actually
 thats great  So we trimmed off some of the excess with a spatula. trimmed excess spatula  Saf: See this is, um.. saf see um  the real version of the Rosanna Pansino frosting spreader that I usually use. real version rosanna pansino frosting spreader usually use  And then cleaned up the outside of the mold before we let it cool. cleaned outside mold let cool  Alright. I have successfully smeared lipstick all over it; alright successfully smeared lipstick  Is that- is that what we wanted me to do? wanted  Oh. And lipstick on the forehead. oh lipstick forehead  There - that's what I like - well, I'm not seeing it but that's what I like to hear.  thats like  well im seeing thats like hear  And to help it harden, we were gonna be using a chilling table. help harden gonna using chilling table  -That might be it. 
-[Dave] There it is.
-There it is. might 
 is
there  -[Dave] Speak of the devil, the cooling table appears.  speak devil cooling table appears  And our next big challenge was to get the giant metal mold on top of the cooling table. next big challenge get giant metal mold top cooling table  Put Tyler's face on it. put tylers face  Which required chaining it back onto the forklift and raising that sucker up high enough to stand upright. required chaining back onto forklift raising sucker high enough stand upright  We let it cool like this for a while and then used the forklift once again to help lower the mold onto its side let cool like used forklift help lower mold onto side  [Dave] Perfect. Perfect...  perfect perfect  Down...  Alright! [clapping] alright   And even though it had been chilling for a little bit, it was actually still pretty warm, especially inside of the core pin. even though chilling little bit actually still pretty warm especially inside core pin  [Dave] Holy cow, yeah! Feel that?  holy cow yeah feel  Clearly it had a fair amount of cooling left to do. clearly fair amount cooling left  So we left it for a bit to check in with Team Tube left bit check team tube  [Sydney] People to help lift this thing over this.  people help lift thing  Great! great  I'm so pleased that I showed up at this moment. im pleased showed moment  And they put me to work right away. put work right away  Saf: Oo! saf oo  [Sydney] Yes, you're definitely involved.  yes youre definitely involved  Handing me a myriad of power tools handing myriad power tools  This looks serious! looks serious  I was just handed a saw handed saw  That was a choice. choice  And descending me inside of the platform to help adjust the lift. descending inside platform help adjust lift  I'm coming in. 
-[Sydney] Alright im coming 
 alright  We're- we'll cut that part [laughter] well cut part   Specifically, they needed me to pass some cords in and out so we could plug in the lift. specifically needed pass cords could plug lift  (This is my new house) And to make sure it worked, I gave my body to science -  make sure worked gave body science   -[Sydnet] No, it's not gonna go horribly
- and acted as the first human test subject of the lift.  gonna go horribly
 acted first human test subject lift  It was one small step for me, one giant leap for lipstick kind. one small step one giant leap lipstick kind  [Keith] Um, okay, stop. Cool.  um okay stop cool  So I went back into my cave to finish off a few other tasks. went back cave finish tasks  -[Saf] Goodbye 
-[Sydney] Alright  goodbye 
 alright  And once they had closed me in, closed  [evil laughter from inside the table]   they loaded the turntable onto the lift, loaded turntable onto lift  [Saf, from inside table] Down below. It's me down below.   as well as the pipe that the bottom of our crayon would lock into, well pipe bottom crayon would lock  and then they lowered it all down to me in the dugout. lowered dugout  [clang] Saf: Oh!  saf oh  so I could plug her in. could plug  After that I begrudgingly left my den so we could prep the tube to put onto the platform. begrudgingly left den could prep tube put onto platform  -That's all I need to do. Are we sure? 
-[Keith] Yeah 
-No more tasks in here in the dungeon? thats need sure 
 yeah 
no tasks dungeon  All right. I'll get out. right ill get  Because next up we had to add the Franken-branding on to the pieces of our tube next add frankenbranding pieces tube  so it matched the normal sized ones. Using these giant peel-off stickers of my name, matched normal sized ones using giant peeloff stickers name  (Oo! that's pretty cool) and also of the large flock of bats that populate our lipstick cap.  also large flock bats populate lipstick cap  And, once we had straightened out our winged colony, it was time to put all of the pieces together. straightened winged colony time put pieces together  Starting with plopping a podium on the stage. Look at that - starting plopping podium stage look   We built it a podium. built podium  that was going to hold the base of our lipstick tube in place, which went on next. going hold base lipstick tube place went next  I feel like I'm a high school boy polishing my car. feel like im high school boy polishing car  After that, we screwed on a wooden mount to the bottom of our crayon, which would hopefully screwed wooden mount bottom crayon would hopefully  puzzle-piece into the pipe that was currently sticking out of our base. puzzlepiece pipe currently sticking base  Saf: So now this... goes in there, too. [Off camera: Right.] saf goes   Then came the daunting task of lifting the entire mold situation - came daunting task lifting entire mold situation   -[Keith] How heavy is the mold?
-[Dave] About 200 pounds.  heavy mold
  pounds  - high enough so that it could be placed delicately onto the pipe.  high enough could placed delicately onto pipe  [Dave] All right, all right. All right.  right right right  And this was the forklift's true moment to shine. forklifts true moment shine  Oh my God. oh god  [D: It's a fair amount of potential energy right there.] Whoa!  whoa  It's gettin' so high! gettin high  And then it was all hands on deck for Team Crayon to help ease the wooden mount into place. hands deck team crayon help ease wooden mount place  [Dave] Okay, you're looking good. It's tilting in. All right. All right. All right.  okay youre looking good tilting right right right  And once it was on we had to strip off the extremely heavy metal casing like a banana peel. strip extremely heavy metal casing like banana peel  [Dave] All right. Now we want to unbolt our two halves guys. All right, here comes the last one....  right want unbolt two halves guys right comes last one  Oh, there it goes. Okay. oh goes okay  And this is when our butts really started sweating. butts really started sweating  [Dave] Ohhhhh..  ohhhhh  [nervous exclamations] 
[Dave] Okay, you're free Tommy.  
 okay youre free tommy  The main concern at this point was that we didn't want the mold to swing back into the lipstick crayon and main concern point didnt want mold swing back lipstick crayon  completely destroy all of our hard work. completely destroy hard work  So we had to very carefully take one half of the mold off of its chains and delicately bring it down carefully take one half mold chains delicately bring  But once it was off, our giant crayon finally showed its face. giant crayon finally showed face  Saf: Yoooo... saf yoooo  (Saf: That's wild) And I gotta say it was a frickin' ginormous lipstick. It was quite the sight to behold.  gotta say frickin ginormous lipstick quite sight behold  Almost like the velociraptor hatching scene in Jurassic Park. It was magnificent. almost like velociraptor hatching scene jurassic park magnificent  From there, we took the other half of the mold off with the forklift. [D: There you go... took half mold forklift go  You're free] And just like in Jurassic Park, things quickly started to go awry. youre free like jurassic park things quickly started go awry  [Dave] Okay, we are definitely leaning guys. We're definitely leaning.  okay definitely leaning guys definitely leaning  Mainly, as we tried to lower the lipstick further into the tube - mainly tried lower lipstick tube   - [Keith] Okay, we're going down.
- the surface of our beautiful crayon started to crack.   okay going down
 surface beautiful crayon started crack  [Dave] It's kind of like a chocolate bunny -  kind like chocolate bunny   like a hollow chocolate bunny. like hollow chocolate bunny  I think from a combination think combination  of the weight of the lipstick pressing against the core pin, weight lipstick pressing core pin  as well as the rapid temperature change from when the mold was removed well rapid temperature change mold removed  So speed was the name of the game for the next couple of minutes. speed name game next couple minutes  Everyone was pretty nervous that it was moments from full implosion.
- [Keith] I was like "IT'S OVER!" everyone pretty nervous moments full implosion
  like  So to get to the finish line before utter disaster, we gently placed the inner tube over the crayon.
- [Dave] Oh, God. get finish line utter disaster gently placed inner tube crayon
  oh god  -[Dave] Sorry, I just- I looked up and there it was 
-[Tony] Oh, shoot.  sorry looked 
 oh shoot  And then once it was all put together put together  I gave Tyler back the camera and hopped on stage so I could try to massage our lipstick back to life. gave tyler back camera hopped stage could try massage lipstick back life  Saf: I feel like we can just shmooth it a little bit saf feel like shmooth little bit  It starts looking a little nicer starts looking little nicer  and I think some combination of the warmth of my hands and the semi-molten lipstick think combination warmth hands semimolten lipstick  I had been given to act as a mortar was kind of working. given act mortar kind working  Saf: Kind of like the ramen hack for your kitchen, but in this case it's.. lipstick on a giant lipstick saf kind like ramen hack kitchen case lipstick giant lipstick  And although I couldn't fully fix all of the cracks, although couldnt fully fix cracks  it was looking enough better that we figured we should film it now looking enough better figured film  or forever hold our peace. forever hold peace  You know, in case it fell to pieces. know case fell pieces  Saf: Alright, so this is definitely the largest lipstick I've ever seen. saf alright definitely largest lipstick ive ever seen  I mean, if it isn't the tallest lipstick in the world mean isnt tallest lipstick world  then I'll eat my hat or this entire lipstick. ill eat hat entire lipstick  And since we had a few things we wanted to do with our lipstick, we had to move quickly. since things wanted lipstick move quickly  Alright, so I think we should apply this thing to my face, right? alright think apply thing face right  I'm a little nervous to mount it and like get in there, im little nervous mount like get  but I did originally want to just kind of like put my mouth right on it. You know what I'm saying? My lips - originally want kind like put mouth right know im saying lips   No, I didn't wanna french it. Okay, I'm not an animal. didnt wanna french okay im animal  I was a bit nervous to step up onto the podium - bit nervous step onto podium   - but my dream was to put my face on its face,  dream put face face  -so I had to be bold. 
-[Keith] Have no fear.
- Oh my god. Have no fear, the giant lipstick is here. bold 
 fear
 oh god fear giant lipstick  I know I'm like leaning in for the kiss. know im like leaning kiss  What I will say about trying to apply say trying apply  giant lipstick is that it's not really the right shape for anyone's mouth except for maybe Heidi Klum from Ella Enchanted. giant lipstick really right shape anyones mouth except maybe heidi klum ella enchanted  - But I felt like going for a corner of the tip would give me the best shot 
-[Tyler] Wow!
- [Keith] Honestly?  felt like going corner tip would give best shot 
 wow
  honestly  [Keith] Honestly!  honestly  It's on my teeth. I can feel it. But besides that I'm feeling pretty good about that. teeth feel besides im feeling pretty good  Oh, and I I think I smoothed out a little crack there. oh think smoothed little crack  I think I've discovered a secret talent: applying giant lipstick. think ive discovered secret talent applying giant lipstick  Oh, wow, not a half-bad application to be honest. oh wow halfbad application honest  Try and fix the Cupid's bow a little bit. It's a little wonky but it looks pretty nice. try fix cupids bow little bit little wonky looks pretty nice  No, there was no tongue action whatsoever. Okay. It was just like a Dementor. tongue action whatsoever okay like dementor  After getting a few posing shots of me and the lipstick - (It's like a.. my-size Barbie, but it's lipstick.) getting posing shots lipstick    - it seemed like it wasn't really continuing to crack. So we felt comfortable enough to try and twist it up using our machinery.  seemed like wasnt really continuing crack felt comfortable enough try twist using machinery  [Keith] Let 'er rip!  let er rip  With me holding its waist as it rose into the air in case anything fell off. It looks like a ballerina.
- [Tyler] It's amazing holding waist rose air case anything fell looks like ballerina
  amazing  - Yeah? And we were all amazed to see that even with some fractures, our lipstick was stayin' alive. 
-[Keith] She's cute  yeah amazed see even fractures lipstick stayin alive 
 shes cute  -[Sydney] She is cute.
- Now once I felt more confident with touching and posing next to the tube our lipstick human buddy cop comedy  cute
 felt confident touching posing next tube lipstick human buddy cop comedy  Started turning into more of a rom-com or maybe even something raunchier. started turning romcom maybe even something raunchier  -I'm going like under under the lid right now. You see this? 
-[Tyler] You're getting a little inappropriate.
-Yeah, this is a little inappropriate im going like lid right see 
 youre getting little inappropriate
yeah little inappropriate  (laughter)   I'm really just fondling is the- is the word to use im really fondling word use  [Keith] Yeah  yeah  So to get me away from the lipstick for a second it was time for get away lipstick second time  everyone else to get a chance to put it on and try it out. everyone else get chance put try  Saf: Oh! You know what, that looks pretty precise from here. saf oh know looks pretty precise  It's pretty creamy. I've been massaging it for awhile. So it's nice and warmed up. pretty creamy ive massaging awhile nice warmed  *laughing* laughing  Like the Color Pop team, our wonderful production designers and also our editors, who were on set with us. like color pop team wonderful production designers also editors set us  A little on the chin but otherwise lookin' good. little chin otherwise lookin good  (Saf laughing)   Yes, Emily, yes! yes emily yes  See, the color looks good on anyone. And everyone. see color looks good anyone everyone  Could be yours. And I will say it's not necessarily the most sanitary of makeup products, could say necessarily sanitary makeup products  so germaphobes look away, but it is very fun. germaphobes look away fun  Like a Vanity Fair spread. like vanity fair spread  Vanity Fair, but make it sweaty. vanity fair make sweaty  So after a while of messing around with our giant lipstick and it still being here, messing around giant lipstick still  we were feeling bolder than ever. Now when we had first put everything together, feeling bolder ever first put everything together  we had sacrificed some of our original plan because of how nervous we were. sacrificed original plan nervous  [Dave] Oh sh*t  oh sht  But at this point we felt confident adding all of the bells and whistles point felt confident adding bells whistles  like boosting the height of the base up a little bit, like boosting height base little bit  which would hopefully enable us to get the crayon far enough inside it to put the cap on. would hopefully enable us get crayon far enough inside put cap  This is what we wanted to do originally, so I'm very excited about it, wanted originally im excited  but there is a small chance that the cap is smushing the tip of the lipstick. small chance cap smushing tip lipstick  We're all about to find out. So we attempted to showcase the full functionality of our lipstick with the cap coming off - find attempted showcase full functionality lipstick cap coming   [Saf gasps]   -It's fine! Alright, here we go.
- [Keith] Let 'er rip!
 - and then a twist up with the added height. fine alright go
  let er rip
  twist added height  (Ooo. The claw.)   And I gotta say it was beautiful. (That's perfect. Pretty legit looking, in my opinion.) gotta say beautiful   It was definitely more of a Monet. Like better looking from far away. definitely monet like better looking far away  There are a lot of finger prints on it and a lot of, uh, lip prints on it lot finger prints lot uh lip prints  But sort of like the Liberty Bell, the Venus de Milo, and the giant Sphinx's schnoz the cracks almost showed sort like liberty bell venus de milo giant sphinxs schnoz cracks almost showed  what a masterpiece it truly was and all of the trouble it had gone through to finally reach its highest height. masterpiece truly trouble gone finally reach highest height  Okay, so, uh - okay uh   That is a lot of things to do with a giant lipstick. lot things giant lipstick  Overall, I'm very pleased with how this lipstick turned out - overall im pleased lipstick turned   from the batty design, to the twisting up and down, to the faceplant application batty design twisting faceplant application  and though there were some emotional highs and lows though emotional highs lows  and about 10 minutes there where it seemed like the whole thing was just going to epically fail  minutes seemed like whole thing going epically fail  I did, in the end, get to fulfill my dream of taking an awkward prom photo with a six-foot-tall lipstick. end get fulfill dream taking awkward prom photo sixfoottall lipstick  I will say it was also kind of spectacular to see how a team of say also kind spectacular see team  professionals would approach this project and take our bad makeup science to the next level. professionals would approach project take bad makeup science next level  Besides that, it was kind of a trip to see our besides kind trip see  Franken- lipstick color that we made in a gumbo pot in our kitchen more than a year ago franken lipstick color made gumbo pot kitchen year ago  presented in such a huge and magnificent way. presented huge magnificent way  And, once again, not to be cheesy; cheesy  This shade and these five others could be yours to own shade five others could  if you click the link in the description below. click link description  Besides the 'Berry Me In Lipstick' shade, which you've seen besides berry lipstick shade youve seen  enormous quantities of today, we have our whole family of Franken-lipsticks; enormous quantities today whole family frankenlipsticks  'Mrs. Norris,' 'Screamer,' 'Brucie,' 'Bikini Bottom,' and 'Fred the Frankenred.' mrs norris screamer brucie bikini bottom fred frankenred  Don't worry, you won't be getting any of the stuff I groped, but it will be this color. dont worry wont getting stuff groped color  A truly ginormous, Kraken-sized 'thank you' to everyone who made this possible, truly ginormous krakensized thank everyone made possible  like the entire team at ColourPop and our squad of production designers. like entire team colourpop squad production designers  [K: Did we do it?] I think so. [high-fiving]  think   Yeah! [T: For Dave!] And yes, pour one out for Dave who had to leave after normal business hours yeah  yes pour one dave leave normal business hours  but was still an integral part in making this all come together. still integral part making come together  Also another 'thank you' to ColourPop for agreeing to this insane idea. also another thank colourpop agreeing insane idea  My personal philosophy is that makeup should be about personal philosophy makeup  experimenting and having fun and they were really down with that which was pretty cool. experimenting fun really pretty cool  As for what we're going to do with the giant lipstick, we are still figuring that out. going giant lipstick still figuring  But right now ColourPop just has a giant lipstick on their premises, which I'm sure they're jazzed about. right colourpop giant lipstick premises im sure theyre jazzed  Thank you guys so much for watching. thank guys much watching  If you liked that video make sure to SHAMASH that like button and if you want to see more videos like this make sure to liked video make sure shamash like button want see videos like make sure  SHAMASH that subscribe button. A big shout out to Andrea for watching. Thanks for watching Andrea, shamash subscribe button big shout andrea watching thanks watching andrea  and I will see you guys a-next time. see guys anext time  